"the magnolia oubliette"

the gardens of derinyuku, a citadel pervaded by the scents of magnolia, camphor trees, various brews and plants and general organic wonders. 

magnolias have beautful scented flowers that contain high myristicin cntent that i imagine could be used to help synth a novel aryylcyclohexamine disso, euphoric and near religious in experience.
but when infected by a fungi altered by a phage and tainted by a chemical fungicide results in drug experiences that cause trouble...
eventually not only changing a religion, a society and a world, but eventually a universe and even a multiverse.

but what lies betond?

>>>

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukbRAgXZYtU

initial note:

if 3 billion survive a comet fragment strike and 10mil survive the aftermath of nuclear bombs, etc. sendin planet into both ice age and tech collapse, why am i setting it in derinyuku turkey caves not a rats nest under bejing or in a advanced military fallout shelter in us or whatever?
after thousands of yrs, people have forgotten a bunch of rural turks hiding in caves growing seeds donated by the big pharma/chemical/agri industries, with tech from bits of scrobbled here n there stuff etc. - so they have remained isolated longer, exposed to mutations n gen eng n weird drugs n everything etc longer and here is the special place where the drug was made and the dark drug gave access.
the dark drug access is what led the surface gods to the escape to other worlds the off earth escape from the cycle.
this leads on to the book that 'in the dark we live' short story will develop into.
somewhere inbetween lies something akin to event horizon scaery story.

>>>

***why?*** reasons reasons reasons. if it doesnt make sense then people dont buy it - no suspension of disbelief. if its logical or emotion driven, or sciency or reasoned out according to what has been claimed then as long theres consistency itll follow and make sense -the rest writes itself as far as dialogue, motivations, actions, decisions, rsulting wins/losses/survivals/consequnces etc.

except where you choose to throw in a curve ball by using an as yet unmentioned tiny little feak luck - but DONT push it - repeated miraculous escapes/survivals, last minute reprieves, nick of time wins, etc. arent realistic.

sometimes epople fail, soemtimes they do stuff with relative eae or things arent the most exciting.

theres gotta be a balance.


...
 mankind by nature is old, very self centred. and forgetful. but we survive.

but maybe theres a new threat, darker threat...

when something bad happens and it wipes out everything little survives - no paper, no wood, nothing under the sea, nothing except that carved deep into solid rock.

and when that doesnt survive only humans survive, all that remains is folk lore, storytelling and myth

according to ancient Iroquois legend:



_Long ago, a village was plagued by a great serpent who dwelt in a nearby lake. So the great spirit in the sky sent down a hero to defeat him. In a vicious battle, bolts of lightning struck the serpent, the sound shook the Earth, and the flashes were so bright that the people shielded their eyes, covered their ears, and hid in fear. The very constellations were dislodged from the night sky and came crashing to Earth with a ferocious blast and scorching heat. One star fell into the lake, wounding the horned serpent. As the great serpent thrashed its tail in pain, it sent 100-foot waves crashing through the valleys in a series of colossal floods. Most of the tribe didn't survive, but the serpent was driven away._

see origin myths of ancient cultures, According to these legends, humanity shared the Earth with a more advanced society, whether Atlanteans, or giants, or gods on Earth. Until a horrific global cataclysm occurred, a great flood, only a chosen few were spared to repopulate the Earth. Who were later visited by other survivors, mysterious great teachers, usually arriving by sea, to help them lay the foundations for the rebirth of humanity and civilization


also other repeat worldwide legends:
Quetzalcoatl, the feathered serpent, Coyolshaqui the moon goddess who fought a serpent and defeated it slicing it into pieces, snakes raining down from the skies on the pillars of Göbekli Tepe, Serpent Mound in North America.

myths of atlantis etc. - flood cities, kindoms and sunken lands.

Agamemnon, features a great flood that resembles Noah's to such a strong degree that, if hotshot lawyers had existed back then, the Bible might have been nailed for copyright infringement.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/27114/myths-mythical-figures-may-actually-existed/



In an interview with Christiane Amanpour for ABC News, Robert Ballard, one of the world's best-known underwater archaeologists, talked about his findings. His team is probing the depths of the Black Sea off the coast of Turkey in search of traces of an ancient civilization hidden underwater since the time of Noah.

See photos from her journey HERE

Ballard's track record for finding the impossible is well known. In 1985, using a robotic submersible equipped with remote-controlled cameras, Ballard and his crew hunted down the world's most famous shipwreck, the Titanic.

Now Ballard is using even more advanced robotic technology to travel farther back in time. He is on a marine archeological mission that might support the story of Noah. He said some 12,000 years ago, much of the world was covered in ice.

"Where I live in Connecticut was ice a mile above my house, all the way back to the North Pole, about 15 million kilometers, that's a big ice cube," he said. "But then it started to melt. We're talking about the floods of our living history."

The water from the melting glaciers began to rush toward the world's oceans, Ballard said, causing floods all around the world.

"The questions is, was there a mother of all floods," Ballard said.

According to a controversial theory proposed by two Columbia University scientists, there really was one in the Black Sea region. They believe that the now-salty Black Sea was once an isolated freshwater lake surrounded by farmland, until it was flooded by an enormous wall of water from the rising Mediterranean Sea. The force of the water was two hundred times that of Niagara Falls, sweeping away everything in its path.

Fascinated by the idea, Ballard and his team decided to investigate.

"We went in there to look for the flood," he said. "Not just a slow moving, advancing rise of sea level, but a really big flood that then stayed... The land that went under stayed under."

Four hundred feet below the surface, they unearthed an ancient shoreline, proof to Ballard that a catastrophic event did happen in the Black Sea. By carbon dating shells found along the shoreline, Ballard said he believes they have established a timeline for that catastrophic event, which he estimates happened around 5,000 BC. Some experts believe this was around the time when Noah's flood could have occurred.

https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/evidence-suggests-biblical-great-flood-noahs-time-happened/story?id=17884533


Many who investigate the cause and creation of mythical lands believe that Atlantis is actually a retelling of what happened to the Greek isle of Santorini, a beautiful island that was completely destroyed around 1600 BC. The way that Plato describes the island matches that of Santorini perfectly, right down to the color of the rocks. His tale of the destruction involves lightning, thunder, and fire, which was obviously an exaggeration ... right? After all, what could have happened there that could match the utter ferocity of the destruction in Plato's tale? Oh, nothing much — just a humongous volcanic explosion. You know, those things that involve lightning, thunder, and just so, so much fire.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/27114/myths-mythical-figures-may-actually-existed/





zoroastrianism was proclaimed to be the oldest practiced religion. 
Zoroaster spoke of the first king and founder of civilization, a man named Yima. One day, as Yima was beside a river, the great god Ahura Mazda appeared to him with an ominous warning. Not of a flood, but of a fatal winter. And he told Yima to build a vara, an immense underground shelter. Into it, he must bring the best of men and women, and animals, two of every kind. Yima must store seeds of every tree and fruit, creating an inexhaustible supply until the fatal winter had passed

Göbekli Tepe carvings: nakes kind of emanating from these birds.
nakes kind of emanating from these birds.

...tall bending birds probably representing Pisces. Graham: Right. Dr. Martin: And here we have the constellation Aquarius, we think that's what the fox represents. At the time Göbekli Tepe was built, these were the constellations from which the Taurid meteor stream radiated.

A record of a storm of comet fragments that lasted weeks.

earlier advanced civilization might have been wiped out, erased from memory during this ancient apocalypse 12,800 years ago. After those cosmic impacts on the ice caps, sea levels rose, swallowing up all the low-lying coastal lands that would have likely been settled by an advanced culture. Places like Sundaland... the Maltese peninsula, or the Grand Bahama Banks. Perhaps in Indonesia the survivors retreated to the hills, leaving behind tantalizing clues to their sophisticated architecture. Some survivors in Turkey may have decided to carve out refuges underground in case more meteors struck. In the Mediterranean, on Malta, the survivors might have built temples aligned to the brightest new star in their night sky, perhaps fearing that it might herald the next comet to strike. They traversed the seas, passing down their geographic knowledge to others. Their appearances recorded in ancient traditions, even etched in stone. They directed less advanced cultures to memorialize what happened with huge monuments incorporating specific, dateable alignments, and megalithic memorials recording those dates, buried as time capsules. And these ancients helped reboot humanity in a scarred and devastated landscape.


gobekli tepe, aztec pyramids, stonehenge, other pyramids, stone crcles, all pointing to a date - 12,800 yrs ago.
myths and their monumental structures, so carefully aligned to the stars and to the Sun, bear witness to this obsession, and memorialize the terrible events at the end of the Ice Age that changed the human story forever, and gave birth to the modern world.

were these monuments? or... w a r n i n g s?



according to the archives humans have been around as homo sapiens for 300,000yrs. but those who read the data better guess at as long as 3mil yrs. unfortunately definitive proof relied on fossil records. a further problem is humans are a forgtful species.

and we forget very important things.

how many times have we risen to create civilisations, technologies and mor but had them buried by mud, rock, water, ground to dust and swept away by the wind?

does it go back further than 3mil yrs?

in theory no-one knows.

but sometimes we do try to leave ourselves reminders of what we have forgotten. the ever so important things we have forgotten.

why did we bury gobekli tepe and the other tepes and make the pyramids and the aztec pyramids so bg and all these monolithic stone structures to last so long? was it because our only tech was stone tools? then why not make them manageble, smaller? were there wood ones that rotted? yes. what was this desperation for permanence, lasting, solidity, ?

when someone leaves a warnign that severe, that fearful they live undrground for o long - what are they saying?

we found out.

2196 taurid meteor shower time, 12173 yrs after las time warned by the monuments the comet returned and the fragments struck again.

of 8 something billion odd people on the planet a good 3 billions survived the initial strike and the global winter that followed - famine and the struggles - but they managed to fight and loot and descend into chaos ond bombs went off, diseases 'escaped' - bad diseases, weird diseases. technologies that never should have been made wer used - autonomous robot drone sthat killed according to their own computer driven brains. an already changing post ice age climate upset and exacerbated by pollution and civilisation drove things over the brink - a thousands of years long ice age, snowball earth resulted
maybe 10 million were hunkered down in underground cities - USA, china, russia, uk, europe, canada, brazil, japan, australia - there werre catacombs, subway systems, military bases, civilian nuclear fallout shelters, data centers, mines and anything that was a significant space deep enough underground.

but were interested in an insignificant little group of less than special people. in turkey. a holiday destination, a curiosity - visited as a little morning or day trip whilst seeing scenery in cappadocia, anatolia.

by 2196 the area was just farmers with some gen enged crops/fungi/microorgs, avoiding the terrorists and using some baic web connect tech/computers/comms equip, cobbled together electronics/technology/engineering and prety backward.

after thousands of years, forgotten by the world. forgotten by their government even. forgotten by pretty much everyone. and after thousands of years forgotten by themselves. but they survived. and they developed things - advanced their knowledge by experiment and accident and myth and lore. things were bred and inbred and mutated. toxins were in the water supply, there was radiation, there was evolution, there was exposeure to time.

on the surface the owrld began to warm, civilisation restarted, things grew people recovered. but not everyone emerged and advanced at the same time.

and not everyone wanted to.

unfortunately those who didnt emerge developed something new. something dark. and they opened a dor...

>>>

small weaknesses are peoples downfall - even empires downfall. and not necessarily due to concience.

ive thought all night and i identified a few key points:
the all time best stories exst in a relatively small self contaained world - gormenghast in a city-castle, harry potterin a school, many of my fav scifi's are in a spceship, snowpiercer in a train, the bridge novels in a cyerpunk fortified ruined suspension bridge, anathem is mostly one monastery, anne mcaffery's dragon rider books in a mountain dragon lair, dune, ian rankins rebus detective novels in a smal bit of wet gloomy edinburgh, that woman i forgets detective novels in ancient rome.
then theres a number of classic plot bases:
detective story - mostly murder mystery;
love story;
rise to power;
spy thriller;
new world discover;
etc.    .

with any good creative endeavour you need limitations to induce circumstance:
trap your cast in a smol world;
make it postapocalyptic with limited tech or resource;
make it historical with limited tech or resource;
make it scifi or fantasy with any limits you choose;
force a reason for who the cast are like war/trapped/whatever so limiting skill/knowledge/etc.;
same things also add interest - its more interesting to read about future/past/fatasy/scifi/something fictin in someway
also make it mostly very very plausible
fundamentally tho, they say:
write what you know;
stories are about people
i dont know detectives/homicide
but
i do know love
i do know people

i'm very good at obdserving motivations and power shifts, ebbes and flows, balances, drives, differences of opinion, consequences, base urtges, needs, wants, pettiness, emotions, ager, jealousy, revenge, love, lust, greed, desire for peace, lust for power etc.
and i know love
not just boringmeet cute happy ever after loe, but real love - loss unrequited, triangles, prohibited, hidden, fake, gradual, on first sight, coming, going, etc.
i wanna write all of the right bits of that into a love story set across a rise to power set in what is not obvious at first as scifi butis revealed to be post apocalyptic place set in a very fascinating and totally unused fantastic set
it leaves room or a totally novel world, a microcosm of humanity/look at people being people, a setof different factions/classes/clans/whatever, each with powers and skills and uniquenesses, each necessary but resenting eachother, always ighting for power - aspiring to rise or stay ontop, never all seeing they all have equal combination of good and bad, each has chances, and at the top thereis the tiny few elites who struggle in their own way to keep it balanced and ticking over
theres room to send a message about humanitys errors and stuff that need changing, about whats good in life, about what we should appreciate and what we can change
theres room not only for main big love story and lo9ng arc rise to power but many smoller people stories
wofl — Today at 09:51

the rise to power protagonist needs to come from the bottom hating the elite to eventually become one and save the whole thingwhilst changing things to more equality due to their low beginnings whilst learning why the status quo is necessary and not making too much change even tho they are accused of forgetting their roots
wofl — Today at 10:01
i guess fundamentally a modern or postmodern society needs a number of things:
energy
water
food/nutrients
increasing space
some mental/morale based drive

i think i can work out everyone of those things except energy source
limitations are easy

what i dont have that i think it needs is an emerging big threat to the whole kit n kaboodle that the rise to poer protagonist saves and is destined and identified and groomed to save all along but no-one other than the hated by the lowest, and not loved by te many, evied even by the highest, elite sees.

but threat to things on grand scale i struggle with

the whole world is undergrund so biggest threat is flooding but only excuse i can think for flooding likely to this place is melt of the post-apocalyptic freeze - and that tks approx thousands of yrs

i'm not sure i want to set it thousands of yrs into future

advantage of thousands of yrs into futeure - tech breaks down, how it works becomes misunderstood, forgotten, controlled, guarded by few over many or one clan or by the elite
disadv.- its much harder to imagine realistically
i hate inventing stupid 'what arefashions like thousands of years on' or 'how do people talk thpusands of years on' etc.

>>>refletive note: thousands of years into future plays into all the following thoughts as far as stuff toward granders scheme

theres ways round - keep clothing basic and simple for those with little - they descend to tunics or stuff from history due to limited skills, resouces and tools etc.
but elites etc. might cling to what they know or what was top of line so we see as modern day

language can be just brushed over - we assume people are talking di but write normal and let people take for granted its translated in our heads
but

i love things like when you explained how writted korean works - plying with evolution of new language, better language
i'd love to base a world where language has eveloved using something more optimal but derived from whatever is likely - maybe turkish cos the locality is turey
or a mix of english, spanish and mandarin cos thats worlds three largets languages
nevertheless, i'm not sure i love potential floding of underground city as big threat to status quo
it doesnt sit right - if that was ultimate threat it wouldnt be where it is and place would be flooded current day

what else is deep terrifying threat to underground city with unlimited fresh air, water, and food

i studied latin, i know english i'm ok at french - i can derive spanis/italian therefore

i not great at germanics
ok

radiation, toxins in water or air
ummm]
outsife interference
oooh
outside interference
people in power sometoimes dont want to re-emerge and achieve the ultimate goal of returning to earth as they knew

if word comes in things are viable, if an outsider appears...
its a place very safe from radiation
its very safe from toxins really

but outsider upsetting the political control ver a population in stasis is much more subtle and interesting

i dint use apps for navigate - no cue
i guess google maps?
all the people inside dream of returning to the now not seen for thousands of years mythical surface - forbidden, excite, legendary, taboo, scary, beautiful, religios, but only the elite know the trth and the potential for loss to them...
why would they want to return to the surface, for tings to change
but eventually someones gonna come knockin or evidence of life above mighyt filter down

those at the very bottom just think they want up, those in mid generally like life but aspire up - dream of before, but are sml view - idealised, those at top cling to power, dont want return to before or to lose what they have
and politics of that is best story ever cos politics is people

theres  always spies, informants etc. in politics - and slumming it - eople from above going below
everyone knows more than they admit to the masses but uses it for pwer
ontop of this i got the fun theres other knpown linked underground cities - as many as 200 or more, sme suspected even bigger

whether thats room for future writings otr source of potential threat/extra politics...

its potential source of outside trouble
hmmmm side thought - biggest fear everday when undrground is everpresent risk of rock fall/tunnel collapse - especially as knowledge is lost and people combat through 'tradition' not science - tho theres procedures, once new things are carved out an stuff errors are made, and in turkey - earthquakes happen
an increase in seismic activity is a;lso a good backdrop stressor
and everyday stressors ever present, more dangerous to certain classes and hence source of unrest but beginning to increase is a fantastic story arcits potential source of outside trouble
hmmmm side thought - biggest fear everday when undrground are everpresent risk of rock fall/tunnel collapse, fire and air/waterpoisoning. resources like seed banks and tech are irreplaceable, and the citadel is screwed if agri, water supply, temperature stabilty etc. fail - especially as knowledge is lost gradually and people combat probems like rockfall, fire and the like emplotying 'tradition' not science - tho theres procedures, once new things are carved out an stuff errors are made, and in turkey - earthquakes happen
an increase in seismic activity is also a good backdrop stressor
and everyday stressors ever present, more dangerous to certaoin classes and hence source of unrest but beginning to increase is a fantastic story arc

theres always some kinda police force - only piurpose to keep order, access to all, potential for corruption but have to be divorced from any clan or technically to a degree the elite - they will be resented due tho not obvious necessesity for everyday survival - they dont make energy/water/food/entertainment/etc. yet they seeminly make some lives worse - but without them things would collapse to war

but its fun to give the police a slightly clannish feel - control over something

the underground is crucially controlled by big round stone 'doors' - olled into place by a rod through a hole indentation in centre and locked by pegs inserted into the indentations round edge to stop it being moved from one side
control over doors is a good way to frame a police clan
every where, but independent

always at risk of someone tunneling round, making new routes, but controling everything to a degree, needed by all, vulnerable to isolation by any
not gonna use word clan likel
just shorthand

police will always have higher ups who communicate with elite - the power is benign in a way cos grand overview but theres closeness to high plitics, theres low level corruption and interaction with real people and mid level inbetweens

microcosm of whole

i spose theres reason to have multiple potentiaunseen large threat - not only intrusion from outside above, but flood from below, entry f toxins and  radiation to air and water , seismic increase...
and of course, energy is the one thing we have no external source of since no sunlight so is ever constrained
as pop. grws and demand for increasing tech grows so demand for energy grows
its the only non-sustainable/renewable
you cant create energy, oly convert so eventually it is expended
without nuclear source across thousands of years, no sun means very controlled limited total energy capacity
pressures, limitations, motivations, politics
interestigly all the connections to the other hundreds of smoller cities and even larger cities are on the absolute lowest levels - intersting power dynamic, those with least actually have access to the biggest source of new info, poeople, and possible threat
great dynamicc
balance
everyone has something of massive power and threat
everyone thinks they want something tho and everyone lacks the full picture
wofl — Today at 10:45
i have two final winners
one - a mcguffin
the outsider arrival toward end - i think via the underground connection from another underground city, the arriving from the surface, its returned to liveable idyll, theres technology and superior godlike technology and such unimaginable future its revolutionary shock
but some had known it was comign, there were legends it ws fortold
and also, a weird, dread, over arching fear, a secret - the snake pit, why the fear of snakes, what are really the snakes, wh is everyone underground, what caused the postapocalyptic nuclaer winter, why is there a dread of the above and the surface and the skies eve tho people dream of before times
what happened and why do legends predict it happened before, will happen again, and even worse has happened many times - and can the cycle be stopped
...

atlanteans, elveles in lotr, See, the Hyperboreans were known to the Romans as living in a beautiful and perfect land. There's some erroneous information, but examining all of it, it turns out that the Hyperboreans were — of all possibilities — Chinese. Yeah, instead of being any weird and different type of people that we don't know about, the mythical Hyperboreans were actually just the Chinese travelling near the Arctic Circle, before heading down into Rome. So, if you're Chinese, just know that at one point, you were considered a powerful and mythic type of people from a beautiful and perfect land. If you can't hang your hat on that, what can you hang it on?

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/27114/myths-mythical-figures-may-actually-existed/

hehehehe
i get to base the god from the surface on me!
😄
picture me, survived the apocalypse, roaming the earthwith futuristic technology, restarting civilisation, spreading education, sharing knowledge, restarting the internet and medicine and near unlimited power and fast tavel and power over unimaginable things like gravity defying buildings/huge monuments/speeding trains, flying machines, etc. etc.
wofl — Today at 10:53
a being with a skin of metal, stronger, older, faster, wiser and able t see in the dark, breath toxins, walk throughradiation, travel underwater, etc.
covered in weird skinsymbols about snakes being fought by gods, stars crashing down, protection glyphs, domesticated quadrupeds, remembrance of loved dead
and this god teaches the return to the surface and the ways of before but warns of the snakes, the threat from above
but wants to teach a new generations the ultimate in knowledge in hope someone can solve the cycle because tis dying and it may be too late
on a grander scale, for future stories theres other god beings - from south america with snake gods/temples aligned to the stars, from the uk with temples aligned to the stars, from turkey surface with tempels aligned to the stars, snake pits, carvings of snakes, from around europe with temples aligned to the stars, from south east asia with temples aligned to the stars
and they all know of the fear, the what happened, the deep sad at the lost love and want to stop the cycle
they travel across water, come by air, travel unimaginable distances and know so much but are so deeply traumatised and so desperate to prevent repeat
a scar upon a world that isnt yet preventable from repeat
a scar upon a psyche at gentic level to a whole specis
what lurks out there
every 24,000yrs somthing comes from the stars
wofl — Today at 11:00
and theres only 21,000? til it comes again - an a solution be found this time before the cycle repeats
oooh - gets to choose where to wipe out - western hemisphere gets it worse? northern? southern? eastern? strike across europe to north eastern america?
fun to take out mostly asia and europe but also a bit america
take out the big powers in one blow, chona, russia, us and europe
rest is too smol to make significant survive and the survivors will mostly be thigns like our little micro world, cheyenne mountain/us things, china equive, russia equive, dunno where else
big military powers i guess
anywhere with nuclar protection bunkers and underground suvive, somestuff like swiss mountain deep vaulst for banking and crypto and computing, some datacenters and maybe a bit o space if creative
wofl — Today at 11:07
maybe somethig like some offshoree pilrig conversion type places would be funs too


i like certain themes to run commentary on:
drugs;
trust;
'karma'
drugs: people have always and will always alter their minds for recreation, escape, and function - pleasure, knowledge, life sucks, be faster, stonger, think better etc.
but at what cost? the rich get nootropics, avoid degenerative brain issues think better, improve problem solving, stay awake longer, are stronger, quicker, etc.
he poor have similar things but they caus neurotixicity, cardiotoxicity, physical damage, addiction, terrfiying dreams or mental illness
something the elite use that is corrupted by theose lacking knowledge to similar effect but at what cost?
and the elite allow the bad drugs or control purposes, the poor desire the better drugs
in an underground world of limited resource and forgotten tech, such drugs even if novel are likely fungusbase or grownfrom microorgansims
>>>dont forget microbiotech/gen eng organisms as cruical presence
...
wofl — Today at 11:29
trust is great theme - people will trust way too far when greed is involved - see madeoff ponzi scheme or wirecard or sort of nick leeson or robert maxwell etc.
...
karma - everything has consequence:
every single fucking time throughout history, bad things happen to evil people - people eventually get caught and when the tuth comes out, people who were victims or uffered loss or humiliation or harm will be angry and exact revenge
whether its simple crime and punishment or fall from grace or they personally escape direct consequence but they family, loved ones or legacy sffrs, theres always consequence
...
and finally i like the weird - beyond science, the true fear.
not the sciency human fear of the dark primal lizardbrain 'evolved fight or flight there might be a tiger in the dark, what ou cant see can hurt you'
but the true scary
the uncomprehendable
the unreaonable with undefendable against creepsy and non-science
i like the chaos, the voodoo, the magik, the cthulu, the void, the weird
wofl — Today at 11:37
so including into a drug, including into a religion or cult, including into the cycling threat, including into the grand why, including into and pervading everything i lije a hint of something from another univers/plane/inbetween - its not good or evil or science or lgic, its just different
it can be exploited by some, it is feared by some, it excites/taboo/fascintes/thrills some
it offers pleasure/pain/satisfies greed, desie, all of the seven deadly sins - but at a cost
is it worth it and is that the true secret to this life and perhaps meaning behind the universe/multiverse/greater panoply of everything?

>>>

so including into a drug, including into a religion or cult, including into the cycling threat, including into the grand why, including into and pervading everything i lije a hint of something from another univers/plane/inbetween - its not good or evil or science or lgic, its just different
it can be exploited by some, it is feared by some, it excites/taboo/fascintes/thrills some
it offers pleasure/pain/satisfies greed, desie, all of the seven deadly sins - but at a cost
is it worth it and is that the true secret to this life and perhaps meaning behind the universe/multiverse/greater panoply of everything? 
wofl — Today at 11:51
as far as drug goes, one single main drug i would like to focus on - something that in its various forms can offer euphoric blissful escape, access to knowledge, great healing, dark screts, other worlds, and aslo a source of fear/voodoo/scaer
this points to a euphoric dissociative
something witzh properties like ketamine as far as heling traumas and providing escape, something with the dysphoric possibilities of stff like mxp and its weird geigeresque alien landscapes/plots/stories/visions/horrors, something morephoric and awakeful and designed like mxe, something with purported risk of rage/inhuman strength/crazyness like pcp, something that when cheap/improper/poorly synthed/bad copy results in someform of degernerate brain fail like pcp or bladder etc. fail lik ket yet designer version is fine like mxe.
i like smonkable/vapable druqs - weird glass paraphenalia for those lucky, kludged foil or whatever tube for the desperate and other roas besides
like an arcane paraphenalia - not just the classic meth pookie but necessity for a weird shape or something exotic
the flavour of 3-meo-pcp being spot on black liquorice is fascinate - but something more opium den type feel - a spice. cinnamon is a clssic chemical taste for example but bleugh
wofl — Today at 12:00
maybe myrcene - from cannabis plants made using forgotten art of gen eng to produce an arylcyclohexamine that when vaped tastes like sorta croaass  between myrcene musk smell/ripe fruity sweet maango taste and cardomom, produces euhoric blissful disso hole, escape to a beautiful above the clouds sky world of sun and flying moths 
wofl — Today at 12:11
but also a twisted dark version that cos the genes have mutated and corrupted grow in dark ness that produce an analogue arylecyclohexamine that due to fungal infection of the crops grown in damp insufficient light taste of/smel like?
wofl — Today at 12:20
dark drug seemingly gives psychic powers. but at cost.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

http://www.phi-base.org/searchFacet.htm?queryTerm=Botrytis

phi-base pathogen host interactions database

Pathogen Gene  mutant Phenotype Pathogen Species Disease Host Species 


PMT2	reduced virulence	Botrytis cinerea	grey mold	Nicotiana tabacum (related: common tobacco)


Gene:PMT2
PHI-base entry:PHI:3002
Gene ID:XM_001558267
Sequence strain:B05.10
Gene function:O-mannosyltransferases
Essential gene:no
Pathogen species:Botrytis cinerea
Pathogen ID: 40559
Pathogen strain:B05.10
Pathogen strain ID: 332648
Host species:Nicotiana tabacum (related: common tobacco)
Host classification:Eudicots
Host ID: 4097
Tissue:leaf

reference
Pmid:23762450
Ref source:Pubmed
Year:2013
DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0065924
Author reference:M Gonzalez 2013

Comments:Growth rates wereimpapired for the mutants in the presence of cell wall perturbants

phi phenotype
Phenotype:reduced virulence
Disease name:grey mold
Tissue:leaf
Experimental technique:Gene deletion: full

pathogen phenotype
Penetration defect:yes
Vegetative spores:reduced

chebi/cas
Inducer:calcofluor white (CW); Congo red (CR); sodium dodecyl sulphate
Chemical accession:calcofluor white (CW): CHEBI:50011 ; Congo red (CR): CHEBI:34653 ; sodium dodecyl sulphate: CHEBI:8984

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

no
not due to fungal infection
due to chemical fungicides used to treat Botrytis infungus infectons
the people think they want this chemical they desperately battle for but it is the fucked up thing
something like ziram but instead of zincs its a weirder rae=re earth maybe?
also ned to throw in some badic sustainable plant erived drugs - cannabinoid/amp or cath stims/opis/stuff that ha medical se but also diverted

also a mycovirus has infected the fungus messing with its dna/rna and so who knows wtf is going on

side note>>> dbcp and similar chems in water tapped into as wells are dug deeper causing decrease in birthrates although this is not publicly admitted at first so theres infighting in the elites
as to whether  to try to reach other ity states publicly and whether to open up to surface - ofc its also noticd amongst other smarter people in the city

remember tho:
fantasy isnt real, escape isnt permanent solution, everything has downsides. is it worth selling your soul?

...

...
for a trust based scam, an economy is need and investment - and greed so some way fo growth and possibility of profits too good to be true that people will invest in anyways even tho returns are just unrealistic
repeatedly happens over n over through history, each time bigger and each time near collapses a govt or economy

or better - the biggest sham of all - the whole thing is a sham. the world above is fine is cheese, but what if something is a sham bigger than money#?

see the ong good friday

...
karma proving itself via consequences for bad actiosn is an easy theme to work into stories in general repeatedly


...

nice to weave in a thing like nivens mote in gods eye onehand/other hand/gripping hand, but levels vertical. strata. layes. planes.
above, mid , below. airrfow in the underground goes along then up. stratifies. linear flow. 

...

some powerful people are seemingly cold and ruthless, and those in mid or own down can truly be so.

but the very most powerful tend not to just kill for example or use brute force - they are clever - they use apparent betrayal of one to make another think they have lost all, or pressures beyoned resist like defending [unborn]child, ones they love - true human dries not just power/greed/hunger/pain etc. you can drive a mass with causes like space or hunger or energy or knowledge tec. but a single sole aiming to protect a lover or a child or whatever can sink it either way. top, down, bottom up.

when theres a love triangle, multiple pregnant or children and multiple lovers and multiple ties n drws its cuper compelx.
when two women prg, one gets killed cos other and then angered fatehr kills the othe rin wrath so killing his only remaining child...


fear is as powerful or more so than reality. possibility - belief that somethings happened.

but

cold characters have to be cold. they cant care and be sickly cruel. its not real.
if someone is so cold blooded as to crush smol people then they gotta be near sociopathic.

if they care enough not to torture or hurt indiduals as a society for the greater then they wont hurt a starvig mother on a lower level just because they stole food.

either make it appear they are punished or they do puncish - smol scale, big scale.

therefore the top elite who care punish those might steal food or whatever via vanishing people in terrifying manner but they are actually somethingelsed. harmless. maybe sent to the now safe surface? or allowed to join a high class without people knowing? but terrifying the lowers as theyre dragged away to be something fucked up.
otoh the evils will brutally beat and crush insurrection and likewise torture or whatever single individuals from highe rup equally for real.

but people will act on concience - people will turn eventually when things get abhorrent.
likewise given opportunity some will be tempted to reveal a sick self.

those under appreciated and passed over will get sick and rise up.
those in power who arent strong enough get weak and everntually crumble - things shift to fidn the balance but nothing lasts - rises and falls, aging, new blood.

elites aware fo this have to offer not only chances of promotions between different clans, but also some kind of limited intake to elit to keep things goign - inbreedin otherwise. 
maybe a litle inbreeding amongst clans would create fascinating specialties?

but for elite they need the best of best, alround, nonspecialist - kidnapping inducing terror of lost kids or promoting with hope for all? either way kids can neevr be in contact again so there will be rumours and mistrust.

people like a dupe, a idiot, someone falling for stuff cos they want desperately for them to realise - the higher up they are the better [or more powerful anyways]

people like a traitor


assassination by poisoning is cool - especially if secret survival but with new knowloedge

martial arts is cool - is there relevant martial art to turk?
bibble quotes is cool wen its a fucked druq cult - but need to be twisted

game theory

...

need more than the veerpresent danger of rock fall.

need a weapon/danger/risk/something all fear and all can use, somehow.

in space theres vacuum, in paost apocalyptic nuclear winter theres cold, in desert plant theres strand no water, sometimes is poison or radiation or ?

what are people most afraid of? 
in fact is the doorsmen punishment of giving very specific od of the wetfolk drug that leaves people lost in void for long time or even forever without death.

after skyfall, being on surface is terror and cold as hell. and when its cold post apocalyptic nuclear winter theres double danger. 
it'll be so cold above the air shafts immediate are bad, but being hoist is lethal - done right, wind up rope to top and release, wind will whip away for ever...
elite and police force can use capital punishment of hoist to syrface, and lesser/toroture  of exposure to airshafts. others might carry out adhoc justice of their own airshaft stuff.

very hard otherwise to hide a body even in 20,000 peple - every single nook and cranny is known and found explored eventually.

... 

Violent gusts whipped loose soil into the air as I hiked through  Nevşehir Province, Turkey, Cappadocia's Love Valley. Pink- and yellow-hued hillsides coloured the rolling landscape scarred with deep red canyons, and chimneystack rock formations loomed in the distance. It was arid, hot, windy and devastatingly beautiful. Millennia ago, this volatile, volcanic environment naturally sculpted the spires surrounding me into their conical, mushroom-capped shapes, which now draw millions of visitors to hike or hot-air balloon in the central Turkish region.

Several million years ago, volcanic eruptions spewed layer after layer of ash, called tuff or tufa. Over time the tuff cemented into a soft, easily carvable, yet relatively stable rock. Inhabitants of ancient Anatolia realized that they could carve out their homes right into the hillsides and underground. Derinkuyu is one of the many rock-cut dwellings in the region
Cappadocia is uniquely suited to this kind of underground construction due to the lack of water in the soil and its malleable, easily mouldable rock. "The geomorphology of the region is conducive to the digging of underground spaces," he said, explaining that the local tuff rock would have been fairly easy to carve with simple tools like shovels and pickaxes. This same pyroclastic material was naturally forged into the fairy-tale chimneys and phallic spires jutting from the earth above ground.
serpentine tunnels meander below. Most of those tunnels are natural — however, some are man-made.


Derinkuyu was only "rediscovered" in 1963 by an anonymous local who kept losing his chickens. While he was renovating his home, the poultry would disappear into a small crevasse created during the remodel, never to be seen again. Upon closer investigation and some digging, the Turk unearthed a dark passageway

it's thought the more than 200 small, separate underground cities that have also been discovered in the region may be connected to these tunnels, creating a massive subterranean network.

- While only 2,000 square feet of Derinkuyu has been discovered so far, the Cappadocia tourism website says that it might extend to as much as 7,000 square feet. '445 sq km'? eh?
- 100s of miles of tunnels -  narrow passages forced people to go through in single file.
- 18 stories deep - upto 280ft
- 600 entrances in 2023, inc escape hatches
- 2foot thick 1/2ton circular stone doors, hole in center allowed a strong beam through the hole for users to open and shut the door. doors only opened and closed from the inside, the inhabitants within the complex had complete control- Each level connected to the next level by a hallway with a similar stone door
- 20,000 inhabitants
- 50 major airhsafts from above, 1000s of airshafts distribution, and waterways connected at bottom
- rooms of varyin sizes: refectories, kitchens, bedrooms, bathrooms, [dry]food storage rooms, oil and wine presses, wells, weapons storage areas, churches, schools, tombs, and domestic animal [cattle, ] stables, general storage, winery, markets, prisoner holing area,
- wells within the city did not all link together, nor did they all go to the surface. This protected inhabitants from invaders who might think to poison the entire water system from the outside.
- Derinkuyu also provided protection from the weather which was very hot in the summer and very cold and snowy in the winter. Daily temperatures also fluctuated widely. Underground, the temperature was fairly stable throughout the year at around 55 degrees, which made it ideal for keeping animals cool, maintaining fresh water supplies, and keeping food fresh.
- upper levels, the Cappadocians kept livestock to avoid the toxic gases and smell produced by cattle as much as possible. The livestock also served as a layer of living insulation, helping to keep the city warm in the cold months.
- 


Livestock was kept in stables nearest to the surface to reduce the smell and toxic gases produced by cattle, as well as provide a warm layer of living insulation for the cold months. The inner layers of the city contained dwellings, cellars, schools and meeting spaces. Identifiable by its unique barrel-vaulted ceilings, a traditional Byzantine missionary school, complete with adjacent rooms for study, is located on the second floor. According to De Giorgi, "the evidence for winemaking is grounded in the presence of cellars, vats for pressing and amphoras [tall, two-handled jars with a narrow neck]." These specialised rooms indicate that inhabitants of Derinkuyu were prepared to spend months beneath the surface.

a complex ventilation system and protected well that would have supplied the entire city with fresh air and clean water. In fact, it's thought that the early construction of Derinkuyu centred around these two essential elements. More than 50 ventilation shafts, which allowed for natural airflow between the city's many dwellings and hallways, were distributed throughout the city to avoid a potentially fatal attack on their air supply. The well was dug more than 55m deep and could be easily cut off from below by the city inhabitants.



More than 40 of these smaller cities are three or more levels deep beneath the surface. Many are connected to Derinkuyu via carefully dug tunnels, some stretching as long as 9km. All of them are equipped with emergency escape routes in case an immediate return to the surface was necessary. But Cappadocia's subterranean secrets have not yet all been excavated. In 2014, a new and potentially even larger underground city was unearthed beneath the Nevsehir region.

Carved from the living rock, Derinkuyu is one of five inter-connected underground complexes with a total estimated capacity of 100,000 people.

9km tunnel connecting is contained within the citadel of Kaymakli in the Central Anatolia Region of Turkey.[1] First opened to tourists in 1964, the village is about 19 km from Nevşehir, on the Nevşehir-Niğde road.
connected to derinkuyu is Kaymakli Underground City
The underground city at Kaymakli differs from Derinkuyu in terms of its structure and layout. The tunnels are lower, narrower, and more steeply inclined. Of the four floors open to tourists, each space is organized around ventilation shafts. This makes the design of each room or open space dependent on the availability of ventilation.
The third floor contains the most important areas of the underground compound: storage places, wine or oil presses, and kitchens. The level also contains a remarkable block of andesite with relief textures. Recently it was shown that this stone was used for cold-forming copper.[12] The stone was hewn from an andesite layer within the complex. In order for it to be used in metallurgy, fifty-seven holes were carved into the stone.
The high number of storage rooms and areas for earthenware jars on the fourth floor indicates some economic stability. Kaymakli is one of the largest underground settlements in the region. The large area reserved for storage in such a limited area appears to indicate the need to support a large population underground.
citadel of Kaymakli holds 3,500? 8 levels - 66feet

others ozkonak, gaziemir,Avanos has communication pipes - 60,000, 40m 10floors

petra in jordan?
naours france
Poland’s Wieliczka Salt Mine near krakow, other mines
Dixia Cheng - beijing fallout center
Orvieto italy
burlington bunker uk
bueno aires
sidney and coober pedy stralia
Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovin
edmonton, halifax, calgary, montreal, saskatoon, ottowa, st. johns, toronto, vancouver, charlotte town, winnipeg
chile
china
croatia
finland
france
germany
greece
hong kong
iran
italy
japan
joran
mexico
netherlands
russia
poland
singapore
south korea
spain
switzerland
sweden
taiwan
turkey
ukraine
uk - london has 4000000km o undrground tunnels
usa


see rat tribe - up to 1,000,000 underground in china beijing
undegroudn rail,

total 3 billion of 8 billion could survive for decade
after 3000 yrs of nuclear war/comet frags/no tech/disease from gen eng/ai destruction/climate fail? 10 million sounds fun number [worldwide]

...

clans:
- very bottom is the wetfolk theyre essential to agri. they do water. they grow poorly lit damp fungi infected plants of their own and make tainted drugs from them. they have access to the connecting tunnels to other citadels. they are actually the key players. but they start lacking power seemingly. source of fresh resouce iput from other citadels is hard to explain/cover up but of great leverage.
- topfolk is control over cold storage, livestock and hence also esssential to agri. they have source of methane for power. they are rich and pwoerful. and also suspect truth that there's no melt coming soon.
- pipefolk shafts/vents and wells. they also have some water, control access to some outside world info and have commms round the citadel - they by far have the most freedom and interconnectedness but limited resources. their water is limited and poisoned so they cant compete with wetfolk water.
- techfolk understand the scant working achival computers, keep mechanicals going, do engineering, electronics and stuff - they are essential for power, ventilation, pumps, development, education, and have been essential as long as the place has been here - but they are complacent and dont actively do much past defending their own.
- storesfolk they control crucial things like certain nutrient, cheical, fertiliser/fungicide/pesticide, seed bank, medicines, and a myriad of cruical resources - but they depend on others due to lack of independence.
- doorsmen. they are the police, offcially independent and apolitical they naturally are totally corrupt and run half the place but also rely on everyone - informants and trading resources for favours - they also ofc control the doors that separate the levels and the sections so are fire control. some are brutal, some are forced to carry out punishments even capital ones - theres an odd mix of being proud, hunble, suffering concience and being sociopath.
- agrifolk source of food, medicines, some drugs, many essential resources, also control over a major place for pleasure - the gardens. which means too there's access to info and influence. people talk and meet in the gardens.
- church. has official citadel approval and mass control over happiness and opinion. people look to the church in an innocent kinda hopeful way cos they support the story that the melt will come and theres a return to the surface. it aint gonna go well when the truth outs that they knew there was no melt coming and ere basically just druging the masses to keep them in their oubliette. origins in mix of Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate and Greek Byzantine Catholic Church christianity before the influences of eastern martial art, drug and level politic got involved.
- council of ruling type guys. in theory the decision making ruling body via DAO but its way too vulnerable to the politic f level resource and interplay etc. and their politicing is complex and requires manipulation via druq religion. effectively a rep from each of the clans sitting atop a DAO. natuarlly being politic masters are also psy kings.
- bazaars. the traders and marketplaces are very rich and powerful guilds indeed fingers in all pies, so have access to a bit of all - much politic, much complex.
- alcohol brewing/micororganism brewing/yeast/fungi - these guys make so many chemicals and medicines and drugs and drinks - they keep people happy, well, entertained and more - they not only have resources and wealth but also control over stuff like the religion and the things thet rely on their drink n drugs etc.

does each clan cook for their own?
is there multiple entertainment/recs for the variosu clans? - bathhouses in water, edm in tech, gardens in agri, bars in brehall, drugs used by the elite, drugs used by the poor, drugs used by the religious, 
music and drugs have become all powerful in this society.

...

psyops involving misinfo and rumour and intrigur from both voodoo religion and bazaars
fake news shit by using the psyop rumours to create unrest amongst key level dissidents
people manipulation on a surprising scale by triggering key people on key issues
voting migration and control via import of refugees and shifting residentials to change clan voting power and hence weightings.
voodoo wetfolk religion turns out most powerful long run cos psych knowledge gained.

theres a world built on crypto and DAOs an tech that was brought in to stop wars and inequality and lack of privacy etc. but no-one understands the tech anymore. they trust. but eventually its gotta be revealed its all a lie. its manipulated. no-ones vote counts for shit, its artifical and the things gonna collapse in a bad way. cos the truth sucks for many who live on trust and hope.

...

prokobiyos, acolyte priest at eginning:
starts off as tubby and unmotivated.
we reveal is younger of two brothers but older brother died. older brother was the fav, the strong, the golden child. hence prokobiyos lack of motivation.
abusive household of father very strict and trying to push sons too far in martial arts training cos traumatised by losing an attempt to sieze a whole other clan territory a generation before.
becames enamoured with martial arts when given a second intro via the priest hood recognsing hima s natural talent but due to his fathrs abuses a weird resulting lack of motivation, along with a strange yearning for somehwere hes yet to identify,  initially he thinks is derived from a misconcepton hes not born to be a priest - but maybe a clansman from th opposing sid in the conflict, he dominates the martial arts skills and that part of the basic priesthood not only by becoming a master of a physical art but being a mental power.
investing resources gained wisely he chooses residential space to make profit on and does well.
deciding he has done everything in martial arts after after learning all disciplines he chooses to move into politic.
becomming citadel council member, having whole resources of church and going from doing some surprisingly basic things himself so larning all the ropes, working hard, learning to overcome his iitial lack of ruthlessness/no game theory, shows knack for cross disciplinary scope, soinvolving self in other clans with a degree of what in future proves to be useful overall knowledge.
bonding with another clan he settles for a sucessful quiet period.
survives assassination attempt via ricin poisonbut is weakened and retires from matial arts to becme much more intellectualbased.
deciding that success in council and citadel politic isnt enough, develops aims to be control of whole citadel as he learns of other citadels, religions and hints of the dark in more and more detail.
succeeds, makes change, does good and althouh uses slightly unusal methods - tastes in druqs, brews and stuff menas alliances with clans in a very open and co-op manner.
finally falls vulnerable to love scandal - everyone needs love.
but comes out ok because hes good at heart and who can deny anyone love, even if they are priest.
now is like wise king with riches, power, fame, glory and mostly looked upon well. lives well knowning hes done right. mostly.

...

need african name?
queen of the bazaars.

trans girl, extremely hot.
shes weirdly hard to fathom - seems to like girls and guys, well dressing in a very sharp yet trashy way. able to fight and works out, has some priesthood martial arts training but weirdly has a well known tattoo of wetfolk religious thing on chest only visible when tits out.
black as midnight with distinctive short white hair.
but shes no idiot and not really as weird as youd think.
she started young. very young. by accident. wanted to be politic. got lucky doing something smol but it turned out to be crucial to the last clash between levels [although very bottom mention on list of onvolvements, like knocking a doorsman on the head, it proved releant to a degree thos there's lurking resentmetn as a result too].
this made her infamous when she milked it and slowly rose to power cos she was intelligent, good at politic and very very dirty.
some relvenat drives of ?:
- Emotions cannot simply be erased or ignored, and to believe they can is a suicidally-naive approach to political competition.
- To make the news, often you must create news.
- Unless you can fake sincerity, you'll get nowhere in this business
- appearance = confidence
- Hit it from every angle. Open multiple fronts on your enemy. He must be confused, and feel besieged on every side.
- Always praise 'em before you hit 'em
- Be bold. The more you tell, the more you sell.
- Losers don't make rules
- Admit nothing, deny everything, launch counterattack.
- Avoid obviousness.
- Get your carbs from booze, not bread
- Never do anything till you're ready to do it.
- Always keep the advantage.
- He who speaks first, looses.
- Attack, attack, attack, never defend.
- [after doing something vulgar] When i hear the word culture, I reach for my dick.
- Folks want government out of the bedroom and the boardroom.
- Lay low, play dumb, keep moving.
- Never turn down the opportunity to have sex or be on talked about.
- Nothing is on the level.
she has goten multiple councilmen into power for multiple clans - switches happily between loyalties
she invented some new political concepts like doing politics whether a clan wants her support or not to elect who she wants
she pulls the strings not the leaders
she is the citadel.
eventually ends in rlationship with protagonist after some edging - we really want em to fuck but the protagonist wont open up s it takes em a bit but its so hot when they eventually just fuck and become a good team.

everyone lies but to lie well you have to empathise. to think people dont lie is dumb.

...

yoshihiro starts in the wet, just another wetpunk dark druggie but slowly rises
kinda soft seeming and apparently gentle hes also not really in control of his emotions.
drugs and rapes the non protagonist girl whilst protagonist is away in the other citadel.
believes he loves the non protagonist girl but goes about geting with her in a very naieve way.
people fall for his dark druq manipulations but he finds out out that theres doom above
no-one listens when some lesser powers warn not to belive in him, that he's too good to be true
so when there were investigations they cleared him without actually investigating
and so more people trusted him cos he was cleared
so more people invest in his myth
evertually he has 90% of the citadel behind him when they try to (surface? go to other citadel? reach other place via new drug?)
only 30% of pop survive
of those who survive mainyl its the younger/junior who make  it - leaders and knowledge is lost.
yoshihiro dies by the hand of the girl he loves and has gotten pregnant after raping her whilst shes drugged - only for the baby to die at the protagonists hand when she kills her lover in rage.

...

protagonist girl
starts off nobody wetpunk dark druq down n out -story not yet clear.
truth is she raped and killed her sister when young but family covered it up. never tells this, just hinted at in brief flashes of ptsd horror.
has a pechant for kinky twisted sex, bdsm, exhibitionism and tease.
family is v powerful in wetfolk tho not politic - just rich n strong.
indulgence in dark drug evolves into great power in the wetfolk darkdruq religion butdevelops the unique nav psyche powers and uses them to know everyone and everything incitadel and other citaels eventually.
initial use of the dark drug going wrong leads to a deep fear of the dark and hints that there's a hdden ruth.
desperate to find light and truth she braves the long dark walk to the next citadel. but its a dying smol population of only 3500 mostly brutal slave labour production of copper and being raped for the pleasure of the slavers.
captured, drugged and raped repeatedly she eventually escapes with another girl, developing a cnc kink as a result.
often displays behaviour of very vulgar displays of exhibitionsm and allowing self to be abused but with intent and voluntarily due to the cnc and exhibitionst and bdsm kinks.
causes rgeat thrill and excitment to lovers but also great distress and jealosuy at  times.
its a greatly paradoxical thing to dal with desperate lust for someon who just shows themself sexually, gets naked or flashes or leaves self vulnerable, yet also is loved and cared about and shows such damage that people want to protect.
people both want to grab the offered pussy and fuck it but also protect her from heself and save her from abuse and damage.
gets insane rich in resources
losses all control when she kills the father of her unborn child who date raped her without her knowing it in a rage at him for killing her lover in a paradise setting in agri.
fleeing from level to level she claims she was framed after discovering that the council knew something huge all along
she tips off the good guy who investigates and reveals ruth saying but wont say hw she found truth about such things, how she could know of the details of every level, bits of secrets/lost tech/how ark druq evolved/other citadels etc.
repeatedly tries to use knowledge to gain asylum in dif levels but constantly shoved away as too much risk, also cant resist telling people who she is, where she is and barely escaping death all the time - as if there's a desperate wish to just be unburdened and get it over with.
continues to us eknowledge to buy/sell different lxuury residentials, resources and power.
parties, falls in love with the multiple times, deep long term love for early on wetfolk girl but she gets 
got so deep in drugs including legendary psychotic flakka he totally went nuts
ended up n yachts armed to teeth with automatic weapons blasting round carribean islands getting rejected and arrested for importing guns, shooting at people, drugs etc.
scared multiple crew and staff and friends andjournalists etc.
eventually got trapped and jailed in spain, supposedly suicide in jails, even if people thought was a 'suicide'
mysterious call to one of ex fiance loves that he was alive after weeks post suicide.

...

non protagonist girl
not as dumb as she looks
uses dark druq and wetfolk voodoo religion to manipulate politic using knowledge gathered from psych to pick key politic people, target them with fake news tuned to make them vote on their triggers and then spent immense wealth gained furthering that trick
takes position of power
comes from family with wetfolk riches and power but is blacksheep cos lesbian
although drugged and raped by yoshihiro, falls for him whilst protagonist is gone in enslavement in the 3500 copper producing citadel because he has always shown a degree of kindess and she carries his baby
jealousy of the girl the protagonist brings back from other citadel helps her realise she loves protagonist and bring them together.
is aware of use of notoriety and fame
willing to go to lengths considered not appropriate for a council member/citadel higher society
vicitm of yoshihiro tho, gets pregnant by him and so turns protagonist in at one point to save her self and unborn baby
on surface judged as wetpunk scum, underestimated, shows more success and popularity than wetfolk generally do so is definitely infamous if not universally beloved.
unrecognised smorts and politic cleverness, life cut short when killed by yoshihiro for turning traitor on protagonist.
until last moment death at yoshihiros hand always seems to come out unscathed and on top despit calamities.

...

wetfolk voodoo religion peeps:

classic wetpunk blows whistle that helps bring down the whole citadel lie and expose truth, crisis of concience, knew too much but was in a position of power way greater than people realised and had key killer knowledge - gives name of wetfolk voodoo religion memmber two as key contact.

wetfolk voodoo religion member two - total greedy, idiot, scapegoat but to save self really collapsed the thing bad and brought down the guys who would otherwise have escaped - really fucked shit up
humble start but got a taste for good life, screwed by the good guys early on was turned bad - crisis of concience made her turn whistleblower to save herself bring down the bad guys so helping the good guys she turned on when originally had seemed all bad.

...

girl rescued from other citadel enslavement proves a siginificant excitement at first, greatly embracing new freedom and with newfound cnc kink is sexy and parties and turns out to be deeply musical.
good excuse for a fightclub reference - sme subtle clue to the kinky sex with marla would be fun but keep it as as subtle enough to make only real fans spot it...
reveals prior life of being a drug addicted msuical person for years, having coem fromtraumatic childhood familywise but enslavement frees her from that drug addiction only to subject her to abuse and rape.
eventually inability to cope with her traumas leaves her isolated and emotioanlly fucked, she succumbs to yet further addiction to new drug.
accidental od's. or was it suicide? 
she has physical scars from her time as slave and as drug addict as well as mental byt bruhesup good
she got a truly beautiful face when made up and perfecc goddamn tits even tho 30smothing. nice pussy too.
cute, unusual hair dif from anthing in derinyuku which she keeps despite.

https://open.spotify.com/track/09rWwwTO0Weur2tWp8yugt?si=32d9a215f348423d

https://soundcloud.com/user-770000136/birdland-blues

```
i'll send you my notes on day so you can see the description i wrk with in my notes as well as the final developed character
few thngs would make you chuckle
plus its kinda curious the things you can do to or make possible for your characters
wofl — Today at 03:17
make them work in symbolic slavry for years, being scarred mentally and physically, repeatedly raped and tortured only to escape to heaven. unable to cope with the traumas of the past they never really enjoy heven and embrace it even though they externally hatch from their physical coccoon back to a beautiful butterfly to fly  high, singing for the pleaure and healing of other, but ultimately chooisng suicide because the world is inaccessible, hollow and they seek return to the freedom of the world they knew before - inside the escape in their own mind. there's so much room for commentary on the human condition.
when you write a book or graphic novel or animation you arent bound by tv/movies saying no porn - if i wan't a girl chained in slavery, naked and her perfect tits and pussy stil delicious despite the fact she's nolonger 18 or te fact she's seen such abuses, i get to write it in ad enjoy lusting after them, playing ith them, to rape her and have her develop a cnc kink that later when she's free allows for some filth sex that would be so good
playing with charactrs on paper is so funs
as long as you keep the drives, motivations, creations, reasons, etc. realistic and in someway make a point
each has to tel a story people want to know, each has to say somethin about whats fucked in the world or why we should do things despite the fuckedness or whatever
tthat beauty can coem from manure or that life will destroy even the ultimate in perfection eventually
some things, everything in fact is fleeting in the grand sheme of things but the little widow we shine upone their tme here can show the particular moment when they peak, and are the example f the greatest things the universe will everknow
wofl — Today at 03:24
something that as long a sone person experienced it sometime tomwhre count, forever, in tme passed - and the more of those you experience yourself in your existence then thats all you could ask - the ultimate goal
i wish i could kiss you right now
```
...

doorsmen:

seeming power behind doorsmen is x - but hes not actuallly truly cruel, just strict. not really th true brains or power tho.
second in command is more brutal and corrupt. but is also way smorter and also a ture spy/poilitc genius. has connects with so much moe than people could imagine. work for the 60,000 citadel that most dont even know exists except the wet.
tipoffs by multiple people looking to capitalise on power vacuum from collapse trigger someone to look into corruption in doorsmen - a goodguy tries to expose working with someone from brewhall cos they got the info but cos the tips came people trying to get power is accused of being corrupt
at this poin the goodguy thinks hes just exposing low level but fundamental corruption in a kinda cash for torture - dark but its just a few people suffering here n there for smol change resource.
repeated yelling this is sus gets him to the point of being accused of crying wolf.
eventually persistence leads to absolute killer piece of whistleblow evidence
massive intrigue and spying
meanwhile revealed that brutal spy henchman thug guy is actually miltiary spy guy, paying for conflict amongst levels and 3500 citadel slave labour, paying for doorsmen and do all sortsa dirty politic
whistleblow now appears to reveal doorsmen is built on the knwoledge that there's intentional systematic slave trade of some sort - peopl vanishing and others appearing but bein horribly used in multiple ways - sex slaves etc.
tuns out its not even just as dak as sex trafficing and slaave trade with other citadels - theres no hope for return to above
right hand man has whole crew of top doorsmen, highly trained brutal fighters and very adept spy skills including from other citadels and clans running the show sectretly from a second hq..
doorsmen is run on a grand scale using these guys to do all kindsa political machinations of spying and brutal tactics.
goodguy investigators get paranid as fuck, chased from inside and outside their own levels, eventually going public with findings, doorsmen collapse.
this contributes to the reveal return topside will never be possible.
head of doorsmen is shock, barely knew what was going on but no-one believes he could be that innocent.
true evil righthand man escapes and escapes to 60,000 citadel - revealed to all he was a real spy politic all along at level no-one knew existed.
very smort people have capitalised on the power vacuum left when the collapse occurs and profited immensely betting itll fall from start and become immmensely rich gaining resources and power as new level/council leaders etc.

whistleblow could also partly be a movement - robin hoo d who was no-single person, as fast as one was killed off another paoppeed up and multiple simulateously all calling themselves robin hood

...

also wants key and general/npc people for each clan - including, but not everyone in everything necessary:
- a variety of dif ethnicites so allowing dif cultural influences, keepign thigns exotic?
- varitey of musical and drug culture influences.
- some varity in dif cultures of historical styles and fashions so allowing stuff from suitbale keeping police seeming scary but relatable or vazaar traders exotic and oriental or council people affluent ad stylish or techs seeming cyberpunk/steampunk etc.
- variety in sexualities, genders, etc. to allow for appeal to all and lots of flavour and diversity
- maybe some mutations or tech specialisations making dif clans somewhat specialsed in their skills, abilities, advantages, weird sexynesses, fighting techniques, torture teqchniques, info gathering techniques, comms techniques, knowledge storing/gathering and disseminating techniques, drugs used/roas
- think up some good visual/descriptives such as scars/injuries, good features, unique affectatiions w.r.t. tofashions/facial hair/other hair/build and bahaviour and affectation and speaking accents/dialects/voices etc.

...

love triangle sorta thing involving two girls and a guy
protagonist girl rise to power but deeply traumatised and maybe not even good at core.
other girl comes from the same basic humble start and they meet early on but dont connect instant.
they fall for eachother although not considered acceptable by citadel customs.
lesbian couple, both get pregnant via [guy?] - protagonist via date rape
guy is not as smort but still clever enough to take advantage of the pwers from dark drug - starts with religious powers, takes it so much bigger due to knowledge of the lie, but is evetually responsible at cost to others and self.
the non protagonist one seemingly traitor to save her baby turns other in
guy kills her in revenge
other girl kills guy from wrath at the guy - but therefore kills the father of her baby not knowing
great tragedy born of love and anger and jealousy
protagonist girl ends up alone for a while before ending up in another lesbian relationship with someone unexpecc - the bazaar queen girl, not exactly good or bad but v power - we originally wanted to hate her, but we respecc her power and also shes cute - you kinda lover her so you want em to fuck.
eventually protagonist takes own life after never learning to open up and process trauma
bazaar queen turns to the dark drug hardcore chasing her lost lover.
[song: The Great Escape – P!Nk]
plot question arises - why are we in the oubliette and even if we find out the case, can anyone free us?
more crucially, do we want to know or is it better to remain in ignorant bliss?
[song: Fire And Rain – James Taylor]
so it seemingly ends with bazaar queen seemingly bringing us back to where we strarted - another person punished for their bad deeds, this time by losing their lover.

final twist = protagonist girl is still alive.

joining this to itdwl by making the beginning of itdwl mcafee and either surviving lover or new lover.

somehow make itdwl slightly less duney but keep mostly same.

change itdwl longer term stuff to remove the borng done already parts from above, switch to be new and interesting, tell some new stories.

add a new arc of the birth of a new species.
the [portal] navigators - they not only can cope with the dark but have purpose - save humanity from earth trapped in the comet cycle.

so earth progessed to no longer suffer from repeat blast back to stone age, population join the rest of humanity in [portal] network planets universe.

we now are in [portal] universe - dune like needing navigators, aquila rift like using portals for lightyear travel, but not aliens - instead the event horizon/40k type chaos - the dark.

the druq allows navigation of the dark when using portals but navs  ofc see the entire pssibilities - either eventually find their bliss never to return or turn to the dark, so theres constant attrition of navs and a contstant war againt the dark.

something something new and independent source of dark druq, newest human additions to the [portal] navigator planets cause huge upset to a status quo where no-one knows how to make navigator druq and hence supply is limited, dwindling and hence the ultimate power crux in a universe where any other resource might as well be unlimited a far as just colonise new world via [portal]

our humanity now has the most powerful thing universe has ever known - think about it, the chance to exeriece every possibility, everything that can happen, has happened, will happen and eventually will be over n done with.

the ultimate prce is bing left to the void, complete, dark and lost and alone. but people seek their one. the seek to live forever in the perfecc universe and stay there.

is the search solvable, worth it and if so do you even want it when it comes to it - is it real when its all just dreams n possibilities.
the question we're really asking is does anyone really want to know the universe, choose their fate, have perfection, live forever, and be 'happy' if its trapped in an oubliette thats i a way no more real tan any other possibility and knowing all the others out there who have and will suffer.

is 'fake' worth it? red pill/blue pill.

the dark is the remaining, lurking hinted better option - not 'happy' but real.

[song: How To Disappear Completely – Radiohead]

--------

is the war to beat the dark? to find druq that doesnt turn people to the dark? to find happy without losing self to catatonia? to make everyone happy in infinite degree so utopia?

is it the case the the dark cant be beat, if you want to navigate infinite possibility you must expose self to the dark, since some will inevitably choose the dark you cant defeat it - it is greater than all else combined? is it that its best to let most live in their illusory world that the little they know is all there is, whether te tiniest micro eistence or multiple plaes of exstence, still not suffering in the full breadth f possible knowledge? who is to choose - how can we know? how do we know each person hasnt made their choice and what theyre doing is their version of utopia, living with limited knowledge for ever, that tis is their chosen best?

who are we to intervene?

with knowledge comes power comes responsibility - its a burden and that real burden is not knowing if we made the best choice.

all we can do is hope that what we choose is best and sine we base it on what we personally think is best we have to assume deep down everyone is the same.

but if everything happens, can happen  and will happen, dark is the  final winner and its the only truth, does it even matter?

maybe we should just succumb to the dark.

embrace the pain and allow it to consume us, be one with it and stop fighting.

[song for very ending: royal trux - suicide is painless]

FOR MOTH, WHO ESCAPED THE OUBLITETTE.


...

big arc of story is how the dark druq evolves/emerges, becomes key to wetfolk voodoot ype religion and the music/weird religion going corrupt, hence how that takes power tho.

so that has to be what rises to dominance, how that involves the dif levels and how that can be intertwined with all those people n stories n plots.

...

>>>

everyone has someone they either lust after, truly love or miss.

everyone falls for someone, everyone needs someone, everyone finds someone, everyone longs for someone or whatever.

its essential.

whether lonely, boring, settled or unrequited or just beginning its there.

>>>

but ultmately there is only pain. exquisite agony. you cant win by fighting it, or suffering it or tolerating it, you have to revel in it and will it and explore it and go deeper into it than it wants you to. to become it and push it further than it wants to go, to become more than it until you become pain and you exist only as pain. then you have reached the end.

but true pain is not feeling nerve signals saying damage or too hot or too cold etc.

true pain isnt even loneliness or lost love loss of control

true pain is being lost. not knowing which reality is true.

or if any reality is true.

the horror of is this a dream - what if it was all meaningless somehow.

thought - the whole thing is an oubliette - it starts with main character entering the state of imprisonment within the dungeon and ends with them realising that their fate is indeed so:
start with the first time they consume dark drug and end with them seeing the fact theres infinite universes yet they dont know which is their reality, which is dream and any or all...

ends with them endless roaming the entirety of existnce, searching for a lost love, not even knowing of they can be foudn or if it was rea;


::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

close with pull out to present day, narrator describes:

````no matter how many times i smoke, whatever the drug, i always return to this reality. i mean dream. i don't know. whatever. it doesn't matter. this time i'm going to find moth forever. 

i still  always leave a light on as instructed.```

[music: colourbox - tarantula] 

[Verse 1]
I'm living but I'm feeling numb
You could see it in my stare
I wear a mask so falsely now
That I don't know who I am
This void that whirls inside me
It's rolling me away
And I've noticed that in other eyes
Time is closing in

[Chorus]
But when the thunder breaks, it breaks for you and me
Tarantula, tarantula
Tarantula, tarantula

[Verse 2]
The future's looking rather grim
In this strange black time
The decisions lie with stupid men
Along with my life
They're choking and they hype at me
Expecting me to fall
But only if I'm threatened
Will the tables turn

[Chorus]
But when the thunder breaks, it breaks for you and me
Tarantula, tarantula
Tarantula, tarantula
You might also like
Breakdown (12" Version 1)
Colourbox
The Moon Is Blue
Colourbox
You’re Losing Me (From The Vault)
Taylor Swift
[Outro]
My world's under a sentence of death
I was born under clouds
When the pressure gets too much for me I bite



::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


>>>>>>>>>>>

[Verse 1]
Now is not the time to go outside
Crawl back into bed and close your eyes
Now is not the time to go outside
Lock the doors and find a place to hide

[Chorus]
The TV says you're out of time
Suck the fear in through your eyes
Everyone is bland and blind
Don't go outside

[Verse 2]
Shut your mouth, give up and fall in line
Listen to the way the children cry
Amphibians are falling from the sky
Now is not the time to go outside

[Chorus]
The TV says you're out of time
Suck the fear in through your eyes
Everyone is bland and blind
Don't go outside

[Bridge]
(Please help me)
Everything will be okay
Everything will be okay
Everything will be okay
Everything will be okay, okay
Everything will be okay
Everything will be okay
Everything will be okay
Everything will be okay, okay
Ooh, ooh
You might also like
Church Outfit
Poppy
Anything Like Me
Poppy
Sick of the Sun
Poppy
[Outro]
Down, let it all burn down
Burn it to the ground
We'll be safe and sound
When it all burns down
Let it all burn down
Burn it to the ground
We'll be safe and sound
Down, let it all burn down
Burn it to the ground
(You can be anyone you want to be)
Down, let it all burn down
Burn it to the ground
(You can be anyone you want to be)
Down, let it all burn down
(Bury me six feet deep and just cover me in concrete, please)
Burn it to the ground
(You can be anyone you want to be)
Down, let it all burn down
(Bury me six feet deep and just cover me in concrete, please)
Burn it to the ground
(You can be anyone you want to be)

...

post an insta of a tweet showing a fake news reprting 3.9million increae in suicides after the broadcast of a netflix serial  adaptation of this book and link to a website.

website just has plainext of book, a pic of a skullonly deathshead hawkmoth on a camphor flower and the song dont go outside by poppy plays.

...

The Sinking Ships - Strangers

[Verse 1]
Is there someone who can understand the things that he says?
And there was something he once said to me a long time ago
Something I never quite understood
Something that seemed so strange

[Chorus]
It seems a long time ago
Such a long time ago
And will things ever change?
No, things don't ever change

[Verse 2]
Distances mean nothing to him now
He can take his time
The faces all pass him by and he smiles
He pauses for a while
I stayed up late for you last night
I waited all through the night

[Chorus]
It seems a long time ago
Such a long time ago

[Verse 2]
Distances mean nothing to him now
He can take his time
The faces all pass him by and he smiles
He pauses for a while
I stayed up late for you last night
I waited all through the night

[Chorus]
It seems a long time ago
Such a long time ago
It seems a long time ago
Such a long time ago


--------

https://waxcide.bandcamp.com/track/orbital-ft-david-gray-illuminate-waxcide-remix

music is the only good thing in the univerese
it doesnt die
...i'm building a wall inside... ...a wall round my heart... 


https://soundcloud.com/user-770000136/getting-by

--------

reality dysmorphia - its nicer to remember thigns as they are in your memories not the truth.

--------

military advanced steroid tech but was flawed and caused dgenertaive disease of mind somehow?

turns dark

god ting to get someone addicted to

omeone attempting to develop fight sklls

mayeb the acolyte or seeing as he will have martial arts maybe someone who eneds to fight but doesnt

maybe get one of the protagonist love tr addicted - either affects them so they survive or unborn child survives or maybe its part of how the nav ark class evolves

-----
-----

big villa in 1990 suburb.

someone going through mail, picking out the stiff mail cos contined cards. birgthday cards?

others are present waiting to see if theres mail for them

theres a slow drone getting louder n louder, very subtle, very slow increase - it would be boring if not slightly sinstr. its engines/props.but not modern engines. its lkke a wwii bomber or something.
no wait - airship - like a zepplin.

everyone runs down a hall to a big glass convervatory one story up looking out over a huge lawn, tennis couts n stuff. above, very low can be seena dark green metal sorta submarine with fins n stuff, and bulheas n flanged very many bolt ringed high presure tpe construction - lot of thick metal. whatever gas keeps it up must be very very boutant - lighter than helium.

it descends near hitting house and the a hatch pens - weird sorta thick, squat, dark clothed men emerge onto then lawn. they are wearing sorta vicotrian styled long frock coats but all heavy and big and huge oversized top hats like noy yall but fat.everythings girthy.

they spread out in groups and are no entirely organised but very efficient and hurried

they take soil samples and stuuff.

going out the conservatory sliding glass doors to a big pation looking over the lawn and tennis courts also one story up we shout to tem friendly
the guys look up and approach

hello - areyou from the past - one of the 1990 people shouts? are you from the past? its 1990ad - one thousand ninehundred and ninety years after the b irgth of christ - if you believe thatkinda thing. i dong but i dont hold it against anyone who does.

the men climb the stairs to the patio and soon are being served drinks n stguff. some are in the conservatory and some on the patio.

they are ased if thers a captain? who flies the ship? can you talk about heirachy?

silence

i wont ask about that again since it learly makes you uncomfortable. hhow does the ship fly? surely helium is too dense?

one of the guys slips up - fly? you mean swim?

thyeylook at eachother nervously

in the distance are drones of bigger and more i.e. mltiple other... submarines?

things fade...

------
------

gambling on the guy who they shouldnt even want to win cos they know em too well

------

when someone needs comfort iwant to hold them - to be there
when someone is n pain i want to remover the source of their pain
when they ar torturingthemselves i want to put them out of their misery

------

everyone loves a moment where people choose from an armoury

------

as part of epic arc, becoming a nav gives power to see all possible universes - the god power

needs a downside. live forever and have to suffer the eternal darkness.
when god power downsides happen people are reduced to ash or a pillar of salt or driven mad etc.
the obvious for this is driven mad and sent to eternal torturee by the dark

but the navs caan endure the pain - they exist in eternal pain but ride it, become it embrace it and live to span all possibles, become eternal and not just immorrtal but experience evey possibility - at the price of experincing the eternal nothing of end.

but th godpower should confer something that revolutionises the smoller stories and impressess on a cool basis before becoming ture value apparent

in matrix it was the ability to bullet time etc., have any skill pload
in altered carbon its the envoys ntuition and ability to control the orbitals

i kinda like bring back world to a reality where topside is libeale the plants grow the snow melts and people emerge?

the mos brutal thing of all is the lonly the heat death of the universe the lost

but there is an alternate - reject the pain and escape into a single lifetime, to have just one experience - a birth, life love loss deathetc.

which is netter - escape into one human life or be the ultimate in teturn for ultimat suffering - every bit of excruciating agony ever, all possibilities all universes, in pain throught them but then the true pain  of lost and alone?

which would you choose?

------

yes living beings kill - even mass kill in enoicdes, and even extinctions,
yes they have emotions like love and lust nd anger and jealousy and greed - it's all just a paart of the experience - nothing lasts forever, everything is blamed or responsible or the cause orf something - no-one is innocent.
all we can do is live one life and experience the good and bad that go with it.
ultimately the only way to escape this is to experine eveything and know everything but this comes at a cost - [the pain thats deeper than emotion - physical simple torture of a body creating suffering - but this is something that can be a worthy price to pay for some.
the true pain of eternal lonely lostness may not be.
in the end, only a few will ever get the chance and since every possible occurs everywhere everywhen everyhow it's already happened and oing to happen and happenning - there is no choice, we are or we aent and those chosen by whatever is greater than the total of all possibles by the pre-existing infinity will have to be themselves and take their fate jst as those who are destined to experience only one life, one fate, one existence, one possibility will never know, never choose either.
it turns out there is a weird comfort in knowing you are one of those chosen to experience all, even if you have no choic because you know that - there is no choice - its true freedom and hence the ultimate pain killer and the ultimate peace - the freedom from the burden of choice.
no burden of choice means no blame, no responsibility, just sit back and let it unfold.
so be it.

-------

the god punishment inflicted so unknowingly cruelly and yetfeared by the population as inflicted by the doorsmenn for disciple, for order, and used as torture upon eachother equally unknowingly tyet possibly even more cruelly in ways is not being frozen or burned or cut or asphyxiated or hysically brought pain in anyways - its not being turned to a pile of ashes, a pillar of salt or eternal thirst, impossble taks or any less classical god punishment - its being left with the illusion of choice - the burden of blame, responsibilty and guilt. to loop forever in human foolish lack of perspective that any of it matters - that the pain, anguish, greed, love, lust, jealousy, pride and all the rest is real and has consequences.

thse who can see the truth cannot suffer the god punishment but there are indded consequences associated with this immortalaity and freedom.

but since there is no choice and no burden when free'd from illusion, it simply will be and they may as well be immortal, invincible and therefore the true gods.

they cannot be driven insane, they cannot be punished by pain etc. and they cannot be threatened with destruction of mortal self or even soul - it already has happenned and will ahppen and is happenning - when its time its ime and things just fall into place as they will.

a few are so blessed and cursed and where they enter and exit a universe and how their paths entwine is knownonly to them.

it cannot be changed.

can it?

one finds a way to naviagte the possibilties, to ride the universes, to navigate the infinite choice, to guide others and to escape the lonely dark - and where one beigins others follow - they are the seers and they are not lost, they have found their way. they may still experience the continous pain, the eternal excruciating agony but that is continuous - i.e. everpresent and hence never present - and whats null leaves only the varying, the experiences, the riding thhe possibilites forver, cheating the consequence of the alone. an eternity of lifetimes and experiences and different worlds, universes, possibilties to be built nto a network and eventually ggive birth to the only beings ever to transcend life. to become the seers. the rulers of existence.

------

need a visible change to the living being apparent tht is common to all seers - to both demonstrate the pain, and also the commonality - somechange due the dark thatthey show in someway that looks uncanny valley enough to be creepsy and weird and kinda horror but not to simple ad cheesy.
something not too unique and basic to humans.
so not just glowing red eyes or blue skin or whatever.
something more... disturbing...
something that hints at eternal excruciating pain but also at being able to see all
tearing out their own eyes?
they dont need them anymore and the inital adjustment to the horro is something to cause such a self infliction.
it takes away beauty and seappeal, is above aesthetic but aso is appreciable and conceviable as a thing we can em[athise with so still creates a horror, a deep weirded out saer because its also near beyond empathy and conception as to what it would be like to be driven to do that.
we can empathise with the pin but not empathise with the motive.
imaginable as experience but beyond understand ing as to what the true experience of being driven to do that must be like.

-----

infinity kils regret

------

everybody fears the no-one believes them - cliche isthe mental hospital it was all a psychosis but a variation or creative alternate might be fun
maybe something bit more victorian or k-pax kinda story snippet?
no - not victorian - that crazy kellogg health spa movie - scarybut ironic funny too
realistic to escape from only to find it makes no difference - outside world is worse? no tech, no cmms, no access to anything of use maybe?
https://www.healthline.com/health/alienation

-----

The number of children sexually abused, the number of teenage pregnancies, the spread of Aids, the high incidence of rape, and the millions of people who are unhappy in their sex lives shows that in our supposedly open and free culture things have really gotten out of hand. The authorities who shape our attitudes toward Sex attempt to make us believe that these problems are caused by too much openness toward sexuality. Just the opposite is true. It is the unwarranted sexual repression that causes sexual exploitation and aberrant behavior. Both the stifling of sexuality and the inevitable rebellion against prudery and ignorance is what puts us at the mercy of our sexual urges rather than being personally in charge of our sexuality.



'Bind my ankles with your white cotton rope so I cannot walk. Bind my wrists so I cannot push you away. Place me on the bed and wrap your rope tighter around my skin so it grips my flesh. Now I know that struggle is useless, that I must lie here and submit to your mouth and tongue and teeth, your hands and words and whims. I exist only as your object. Exposed.'

such desires are increasingly being considered normal, even healthy, as experts begin to recognize their potential psychological value. S & M, they are beginning to understand, offers a release of sexual and emotional energy that some people cannot get from traditional sex. "The satisfaction gained from S & M is something far more than sex," explains Roy Baumeister, Ph.D., a social psychologist at Case Western Reserve University. "It can be a total emotional release."

Although people report that they have better-than-usual sex immediately after a scene, the goal of S & M itself is not intercourse: "A good scene doesn't end in orgasm, it ends in catharsis."

in a future society s&m is considered a necessary part of sex, a healthy outlet relevant to all and a part of everyday life therefore.


someone from such evolved parts of society cannot be raped or abused. but that doesnt mean everyone in all societies is at such a point equally.


Lily Fine, a professional dominatrix who teaches S & M workshops across North America, explains: "I may hurt you, but I will not harm you: I will not hit you too hard, take you further than you want to go or give you an infection."

"I'm interested in manipulating what's in the mind," Lily says. "The brain is the greatest erogenous zone."


Escape theory is further supported by an idea called "frame analysis," developed by the late Irving Goffman, Ph.D. According to Goffman, despite its popular conception as darkly wild and orgiastic, S & M play has complex rules, rituals, roles and dynamics that create a "frame" around the experience.

"Frames suspend reality. They create expectations, norms and values that set this situation apart from other parts of life," confirms Thomas Weinberg, Ph.D., a sociologist at Buffalo State College in New York and the editor of S & M: Studies in Dominance & Submission (Prometheus Books, 1995). Once inside the frame, people are free to act and feel in ways they couldn't at other times.

frames offer ahealthy outlet for the neurotic problems that arise from awareness of mortality. taboo breaking should be accepted, recognised as healthy and permitted in ways that allow it to be consensual, safe and non-harm inducing. hence sex work, pornography, virtual explorations whether drug/bio/technological/computer/meditative or whatever should exist in a future society. tantric aspects would likely evolve into any religion over time.
 


"A US surgeon has already patented a pacemaker-sized device which, implanted under the skin, triggers an orgasm. Last month, clinical trials for the device were approved by the US Food and Drug Administration. Within a decade, it will be normal for every woman to have a perpetual orgasm whenever she wants it, wherever she needs it.

Recent research on love suggests that it consists of three basic biochemical elements. First, testosterone--which produces lust. Second, a group of amphetamine-like chemicals (dopamine, noradrenaline and phenylethylamine) produces feelings of euphoria that lead to infatuation. Third, if a relationship survives the first two rushes, a new biochemical response emerges, based on oxytocin, vasopressin and endorphins. This produces feelings of intimacy, trust and affection. Pharmaceutical companies are currently working on this third phase. So a "love pill" that modulates your subtler emotions and takes you straight to deep feelings of intimacy, trust and affection is just over the horizon. Science will fulfil the fairy tale. It will come up with a genuine love potion.

The sexual liberation of every woman and man approaches its apotheosis: availability on demand with peak performance assured gratification and enduring emotion. But much more has been let out of the bottle. The physical and psychological barriers to sex, identified as the ultimate metaphor for all the ills of humanity, had to be overcome. The consequence is that most sexual taboos have evaporated. No matter how dark your thoughts, how unethical your desires, how absurd your fetish, everything is normal. Your desire to dress up as a stuffed toy, your dreams of having sex with obese or dead people, your obsession with plastic or rubber, your fixation with asphyxiation--all that is sexually driven is OK.

Pornography's status as a taboo is rapidly disappearing. It has become part of the mainstream of western culture. Ancient Egyptians, Greeks and Romans had their erotica as esoterica on scrolls, pottery and frescos. Hindus have their erotic sculptures on temples. But in western culture pornography in unparalleled quantities and forms is communicated in every mass medium. Never before in history has there been so much pornography to be had by so many in such numerous ways.

Everyone is now just a click away from explicit, hard-core material. It is impossible to miss pornography on the internet because it seeks you out persistently, unannounced, at every opportunity. It is there on Channels 4 and 5, Sky and innumerable digital channels every night.

On MTV's reality show The Real World, you can witness bisexual group sex. Explicit sex, including shots of erect penises, can be viewed on Sky's revisionist western drama Deadwood. Michael Winterbottom's 9 Songs, which will go on general release shortly, offers a stream of close-ups of intercourse, fellatio, ejaculation and cunnilingus. The French art-house director Catherine Breillat has pioneered the transfer of porn stars into mainstream cinema. Her new film, Anatomy of Hell, is as graphic as it is bizarre. And if that doesn't satisfy you, you can go to a new breed of "pornaoke bars", just opened in Edinburgh, where you can groan and grind karaoke-style to porno tapes.

They may then be able to take their place among the bewildering array of sexual orientations already being normalized. Once upon a time, there were heterosexuals and the love that dared not speak its name. Gay men and lesbians have long since lost their reticence. Then bisexuals, transsexuals and the "kinky" found their identity. Now we have intersexuals and the polyamorous. A few months ago, New Scientist announced the discovery, in breathless prose, of asexuals. These folk don't like to have sex--horror of horrors--with anybody. There are even orientations within orientations. So we have such self-definition as non-op transsexual, TG butch, femme queen, gender-queer, cross-dresser, third gender, drag king or queen and transboy. In one recent episode of Channel 5's CSI: crime scene investigation, a murder victim was said to be part of a community of "plushies", people who enjoy sex while dressed up as stuffed animals.

It is now normal to have your breasts removed or added to, have new genitals constructed, or sprinkle a dash of hormones for the appropriate, desired effect. Things are about to become even more complex. Within a decade or so, you will be able to modify your body almost totally, as you wish. You will be able to turn off all physical signs of gender, switch off the hormones and get rid of all secondary sexual characteristics. Then you can add on the bits you wish and "sculpt" your body in any shape you like. When gene therapy becomes common, things will be even easier. Already, there are people who are experimenting with this; and a "body-mod" subculture is thriving on the internet.

What you can't do in reality will soon be available in simulation. The emerging technology of haptics, or the telecommunication of sensation using a computer interface, will enable you to live your most horrific dreams in virtual reality. Haptic technologies simulate physical sensation of real objects and feed them to the user. The first generation of haptic technology can be experienced in certain video games for the Sony PlayStation where the joystick is used to simulate vibrations. The next generation, on its way from Rutgers University, will simulate pressure, texture and heat. Combine this with state-of-the-art graphics and some innovative software and you have a complete pornographic universe. As Eric Garland points out in the December 2004 issue of the American magazine The Futurist, among its first uses could be "pornography involving children and featuring violence". But what's the harm, as it is only a digitized child?

D:

It is only a matter of time before other academics start arguing that incest, too, is decent and wholesome

Sex used to be intercourse because it was part of a context, a loving relationship. When sex is just sex, without any context, what good does it do you? That is the crux of the problem. It becomes the ultimate narcissism, the sole gratification of self-love.

Welcome to the masturbatory society.

Ziauddin Sardar is editor of Futures, the monthly journal of policy, planning and futures studies""

------

awareness of mortaliy, animalistic nature and base bodily functions disgust imbues sexual dysfucntion not connect 'healthily' with meaningful love connection. this lack of meaingful love develops into shame, guilt, disgust an other negative sexual connotaions. tho this also creates taboos, which are a thrill to break, when treated healthily can bring extra sexual pleasure but when they go wrong can result in not just harmless consensual bdsm or kinks/fetish but also rape/abuse/violence and even murder.

the seers evolve instantly above desire for sex since there is no mortaility and hence fear thereof and the  inherent drive to procreate dies - this leaves the only purpose of sexual gratification for them to be either recreation, escape or control/maniulation.

the very nature off a seer makes sex for recreational pleasure pointless - every sexual pleasure, experience and act has and will and is happening - why act it out by intent? it will be what it will be. likewise for control/manipulation it is irrelevant when you have no need to control or manipulate - you merely let events flow as they will. it can be as escape a tool to control or ease pain but the seers embrace and are pain- they do not seek or have any use for escape.

it is only when a seeer discovers a reason to manipulate beings, to seek particular experiences and posibilities and to loop in times or to experince specific tings to take control over existence rather than merely allow it to occur that sexual gratification becomes relevant. at this point the use of drugs, controlling appearance and presence in a particular body and having advanced knowledge of sexual skill and manipualtion along with the desires and drives becomes something of interest. but with this it turns out becomes vulnerability to love.

and love binds sould across every possibility, is a continuous, parallell and extended network of threads, spanning time and branching across all possibilities so must be accepted and embraced as much as the eternal pain of existence with which it is intertwined so inextricably.

------

seers by the nature of the above genetcally alter to be a semi-interse/semi-female creature, mostly external female, no gentic reprductive capability or fuinction, organs or glands etc., instead evolving into a creature able to induce sexual arousal, pleasure and continuous waves of orgasmic pleasure alongside brain control over pain via mind mastery that results in continuous paralell pleasure pain experience. makes the body not only weird as aforementioned as far as colour/whateer but slender, small breasted and a large, bulbous, ros beef pussy that is differently colured. evdence of this is hinted at as the girl who is beginning to change is date raped by the guy and he undresses her and parts her legs, observing her pussy and being extra turned on and encouraged to take advantage.

seers eventually learn to not just experiene all possibilities passively, but ride souls, having some control and navigating the infinities

eventually the one concludes that all souls are one and time is non-existent so the entire infinity of existence is one universal combined experience, she is all and therefore not just a god but the entire multiverse.

this will become relevant when then going on to combat the inbtween dark?

------

snce as mentioned above above, tantric type aspects would likely evolve into any religion, and the use of drugs and meditative and other tech aspects besides, the use of drugs to induce orgasm as religious ritual is not far fetched.

------

although, in the similarity of humans to other animals or the uniqueness of humans as compared with other animals (Goldenberg et al., 2001)."the boundary between humans and animals is not as great as most people think" and "what appears to be the result of complex thought and free will is really just the result of our biological programming and simple learning experiences." The latter essay, on the other hand, stated that "Although we humans have some things in common with other animals, human beings are truly unique ... we are not simple selfish creatures driven by hunger and lust, but complex individuals with a will of our own, capable of making choices, and creating our own destinies."

the implication being those who do not fear death may be quite animalistic and seek raw sexual pleasure with no meaningful element so making the seers although not idrectly needing sexual pleasure from others physically, mentally there might be appeal in seeking out sexual gratification from riding souls that are exposed to worlds of sexual extreme in partcular

------

the fully evolved seer the gods [not the true seer, the multierse], are metaphored by the drark druq - the arylcylco that is grown bio in vat by yeast that has been gen eng but is infected by fungeus altered by mycophage but also twisted by toxic contaminant chem used as antimyco - its pain and pleasure and everytig else, crossing bounds and sum of many parts. it's derived from a tree of many branches that is symbiotic with a fungus in ground having many theaaed netwrk nateure.
the metaphor eventually proves to fit the whole too since all palnts and trees in the agrden and maye palnet are linked by thisfucngus in a complex branching network beyond even the human brain.

------

we may only have data output ability of some 1000 orb 10's of thousands of bits depending how we communicate data realtime - although w can consume data immensely faster so way highr bitrate across a lifetime we can shift this balance by creating a communication of a message or whateverof extreme coplexity then opy it such that many sde something written only once - we are not limited to a repeat teklling for each individal or even audience. thus  the power of the human has expanded from pp communnicattio to the bard telling stories to groups at once and many   groups across a lifetime to the modern bard creatin multimeda seen by pehaps a planet or many. the nxt step is the seer who shares a story across a myriad of universes and transcends time to the ultimate all stories known and shared amongst all - the whole multiverese connected, the greatest bard ever to have been, be or will be.

------

if we developed abbility to upload our conciousness, sav conciousness and interface with brain, tehnically we could edit memories therefore this could be an edited memory - how do we know what is real? all we can say is this is one experience, one possibility - so to break free from this oubliette whether 'real' or brain in vatwe have to accept it is what it is and death will be and eventually it passes - where and how we gain the ability to percieve this truth from outside is down to us - after death,through escaping the oubliette quicker or any other.

do you choose meditative nirvana, ascension to religious heaven, druq 'escape',vr sim immersion, enter edited memory playback, dream or even death?
some fear the feeling they dot know if theyre in dream, vr, drug experience or whatever rather than reality, but if you cant tell then what difference does it make? its still the same oubliette. the only way to know anything greater is escape the oubliette and experience every possibility, all realities.
then the fear is being wipedfrom mutiverse existence - the inbetween dark taking a thread and becoming is path, corruptig it and taking over the owners exeriences and network of connected possiblity treew - the only one who can delete such a thret is the true seer, the one  who is all possibilities, all souls,all realties simultaneous, every thread love, lifd, pain, death and experience tranceding time as a whole.

------

something might have been extra tat i missed communicating with rev here:
and right now i'm derealising so hard - i been watching a korean scifi, 'the sysyphus myth' and am currently listening elon musk interviewed by joe rogan, after reading stuff on mental illness resultiing in delusion and psychosis all day n then stuff on the psychology of bdsm and the future of sex
REV — Today at 18:58
sorry to hear about the delusion/psychosis/derealization and other things you may be going through right now. Must be difficult :'<
How is the korean scifi?
wofl — Today at 18:58
i'm not in delusion/psychosis
anymore than anyone else
i dont believe
not that it matters - everyones reality s their own perception and to fight it, fear it and worry about it is a sysyphean struggle to escape the oubliette
REV — Today at 19:00
oh i misread. i was in a hurry reading as i am packing while i message
"psychology of bdsm of the future of sex" sounds extremely fascinating by the way
any specific links to share articlesabou that?
wofl — Today at 19:02
there's ways to scape the oubliette but current mental health treatments - therapy, drug, 'overcoming' by force of will, waking from the dream - anything - theyre all moot and so both irrelevant, ineffective and yet equaklly valid at one and the same toime
REV — Today at 19:02
i like your usage of the word oubliette
wofl — Today at 19:03
is drug escape or vr immersion, or brain augmented experience of edited memory or dreaming or death or meditative nirvana or religious ascension to heaven any more relevant, real or special than any other?
REV — Today at 19:04
ooh
i am fasciated
wofl — Today at 19:04
the only true escape from the oubliette requires something more anbd  once grasped all methods to achieve it are equal
REV — Today at 19:04
fascinated
wofl — Today at 19:05
its grasping a deep philosophical truth so truly you see the whole - then you are freed
th deep dark question is: do you really want to escape, and do you want to become vulnerable to what lurks beyond - the horros that lurk in the world outside the safe little limited oubliette
???:
maybe true heaven and ultimae peace, securoty andd saftey is staying in the prison
or maybe the ultimate experience is the escape, all the pleasures, all the pains, the love, lust loss, torments, greed, envy, all the liftimes, all the universes.
but at what cost?
is there veen worse out tere than the  excruciating everlasting agoby that comes intertwined inescapably with eveery pleaure andlove and experince imaginable?
what i ther's something even darker andworse than the experince of every possibilty, pain and pleasure for infitiy combined
what if the true horror is no anything, never to have been, be or will be - to be wiped from existence, all possibility tree gone 
and who has the power to combat that?
wofl — Today at 19:12
i'll say one thing - riding souls maybe infinite pain of loveand loss but its true peace know what will be, no matter what you do, you cant change it, it has happenned, is happening and will happen.
therefore there is no free will, no choice and hence no responsibilty, no fault, no blame, no guilt.
it just is
REV — Today at 19:12
i'll drink to that
wofl — Today at 19:13
i'll do everything and nothing to that
right now i fancy experienceing a burger, fries and a nice beer in this 21st century earth
hueey upn get here - tho patience is moot - youre already here, always have been and always will be
so just riding the experience is all you can do
...
REV — Today at 19:15
mmm
wofl — Today at 19:16
what some will one day ask when they endlessly anayse this whole masterwork is: is this a grand metaphor for someone acceting a painful possible death? or the insane writings of a mind tainted by alienation caqused by extreme pain, mental and physical,or the crazy dreamed up world of a mind in psychosis or experiencing delusions
or is it the writings of yet another creative and imaginitive genius?
or is it a metaphor for the sexuality off an abused and twisted person expressing their truest sadistic desires
or is it just a hedonistic pipe dream unrealistic to those who live in reality?
or is it the greatest vision of philosophical universal truth ever
or is it the beginning of the most powerful cult that became the furute true overarching religion of the future?
REV — Today at 19:19
on a side note "moot patience" sounds like a cool song name
wofl — Today at 19:19
or is it the secret to existence
or is it the ramblings of a sad no-one just typing out poorly thought out nonsense
maybe it doents matter, maybe all of the above is true
what entertains me is its up to you to choose
which do you lieke, which brings ou the most pleasure or pain or escape or comfort or entertainment
its yours.
its dveryones
its my gift
lifes work summed up and total - hopefully i manage to complete it
...
this btw is what delusios of grandieur sound like too so when someone who doesnt knw better uses it as part of the evidence i'm mentally unsound and tries to lock me in the even smaller sub-oubliette that is a mental hospital, drugged and trapped in an even smoller oubliette of my own sedated mind, be aware i hold no ggrudge - they did not know waht they did and it makes no difference to me -mi am eternally at peace and free no matter what path events follo
😉
REV — Today at 19:24
this is lots to think about. But good to know about what you said in the last message.
wofl — Today at 19:24
you can t lock up a free mind in a prison whther beind bars oreven inside its own brain
even deqth is no loss or punishment
do not mourn me unlesss you so want to experience the pan of loss and grief - i'm happy
i'm alrady free
🙂

------

rev comments on psychosis

i have the advatage whatever this is appearently i'm lucid enough to write it down and turn it into the greatest story ever told
REV — Today at 19:28
But irrelevant to that, you have written some deep thoughts I would need more concentration to comprehend fully, or even 70% of it.
wofl — Today at 19:28
whther it leads to fame, fortune, mental treatment or death i'm just gonna sit bac and ride this one
...
tldr
it doesnt matter
REV — Today at 19:29
it does my fren
wofl — Today at 19:29
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s3ufTanUMo
[music: the chemical brothers - it doesnt matter]

------

`fren , i hurt and it is exquisite
yet that is because it's an experience and all experinces are equal
so i would seek some herons because that too is experince and it would be variety
please send me my meths so i can pay debt so i can buy a heron so i can have the sweet relief of varfiety`

------

In fact, one of the foundational texts of absurdism, a 1942 essay by Albert Camus, is called "The Myth of Sisyphus." 

As the Encyclopedia Britannica explains, "The Myth of Sisyphus" uses Sisyphus's boulder-rolling as a metaphor for the meaninglessness of existence. Just as Sisyphus can never push the boulder over the top, humanity can never manage to find meaning in a meaningless world. If we, like Sisyphus, are trapped in an absurd existence, and suicide is taken off the table as an option for escape, the only solution for us–and for Sisyphus–is to accept our situation and find joy in it. For both us and Sisyphus, finding joy in pointless drudgery is an act of rebellion. Camus believed that only by finding joyful acceptance of the absurd can one find freedom and definition of identity.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/425990/the-tragedy-of-sisyphus-in-greek-mythology-explained/

:::::: crucia woflnote::::::

sysiphus myth is erroneous - no-one concieved of multiverse then therefore assumes sysiphus is based on one single looping timeline. somewhat more neizche type attiude applies there - youre in a loop0 you only got one life so enjoy as muc as possible - it makes no dif either way.

my take says because theres multivers maybe infity means everything occurs and nothing occurs so it still dont matter what you do but maybe it does matter in that you can surf possibilites, bounce amngst stories,, living dif experiences in a way that means you at least should live for max experience even if you just let it wash over you at any given time.

i.e. the di is its not max pleasure trapped in an eternal oubliette but max plearsure with no bounds and true infitiy - be at peace not feeling you have to somehow accept a limited fate but accept there is everything and freedom - maybe notaccept but embrace the truth and the peace.

::::::	::::::

The mythology of Ancient Greece is a fascinating glimpse into the world of our ancestors. It doesn't just tell us what they believed and how they worshiped: the stories also tell what they frowned upon, what they aspired to, and what they believed a person should never, ever do. Here, we're mostly talking about that last part.

When we learn about Greek mythology in a formal setting — like school — we hear a lot about the heroes. We hear about Herakles and his labors, the warriors of Troy, of Odysseus's journey, and Theseus's battle with the Minotaur. But you know what? You've only heard part of the story, because Theseus wasn't exactly a hero — he was a total jerk who abandoned Ariadne after she helped him escape the Labyrinth. There are two different versions of that story: in one, he leaves and she hangs herself. In another, he ditches her on Naxos and she's only saved from certain death by Dionysus (via Britannica). But you're never taught that, are you?

It turns out that there's a lot of little details — and entire stories — that are super dark, and just sort of slip through the cracks of higher learning. Let's get dark.

antalus was an insanely rich but incredibly evil king of Sipylus. (His father was Zeus and his mother was the daughter of a pair of Titans, so maybe genetics had something to do with it.) According to Ancient History Encyclopedia, he was afforded certain privileges: namely, he was allowed entrance to Mount Olympus, where he joined the gods for their meals. There are three different stories about what happened next, but they all agree that he screwed up.

Tantalus wanted to know if the gods really did know all, so he decided he was going to kill his son, Pelops, and cook him up for dinner. He served the gods his special Pelops stew, and no one ate it — save Demeter, who was distracted and mourning the loss of her daughter to the Underworld.

As punishment, Zeus condemned him to eternal hunger and thirst, even as he was forced to stand in a pool of water that drained when he tried to drink, and beneath a tree with fruit that hung just out of reach.

maybe the seers as veritable gods could be the source of the feared ounishment, being driven amd by the dark drug, being tantalised - eternal hunger, thirst, lust, desire never satisied.

high on frug, within reach of food, water, sexual gratification and more yet never actaqully choosing to take it because it would remvove the addictive high so they slowly wither and die in ironic pleasureable torment

hanging in cages in the sex burleques, with food and drin dangling just beyond reach, requiring disconenct to reach out far enough. withered skeletal beings faces tortured and terrifying - a horrifying punishment to be subjected to whther temporary or to the death.

tantalised, one month. no, please no.

-------

Zeus... was a weird guy. One of the things most have probably learned about in school is that the gods and the giants clashed in a massive war. The gods won, but what happened to some of the specific giants was possibly glossed over a bit.

Take Porphyrion. He was the king of the Gigantes of Pallene, and according to Theoi, he met his end with kind of a double whammy: he was hit with arrows and lightning from Herakles and Zeus, respectively. He went down on the battlefield, but... that's not the whole story.

Some sources say that he had his eye on Hera and intended to violate Zeus's queen in the most horrible of ways. But still... not the whole story. 

Other sources say that he so fiercely desired Hera because Zeus made him lust after her. Just let that sink in: Zeus turned one of their enemies into a raging lust-monster, sent him after his wife, then swooped in to save the day.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/236598/stories-from-greek-mythology-they-couldnt-teach-you-in-school/

------

We learn about the story of the Minotaur, where Theseus slays the beast and plays the hero. We learn about Troy, too, where the beautiful Helen is at the center of a massive war. But we don't often hear about how these two stories overlap in a terrible way.

Theseus? Not a nice guy. According to one story (via ThoughtCo.), he was already the king of Athens when he made a bro pact with his buddy Pirithous: each one was going to pick a daughter of Zeus, abduct her, and defile her.

Theseus heard of Helen's beauty and chose her — and, at the time, she was still a teenager. He absolutely went through with it, and the assault produced a daughter named Iphigenia. 

That name should sound vaguely familiar to anyone with a passing familiarity with the story of Troy. When the Greek fleet was halted by calm waters, Agamemnon sacrificed his daughter, Iphigenia, to Artemis in hopes of returning the winds so they could continue sailing to war (via Britannica). But Iphigenia wasn't really his daughter: Agamemnon and his wife had adopted her after Helen gave birth to her, to help preserve Helen's reputation.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/236598/stories-from-greek-mythology-they-couldnt-teach-you-in-school/



The one thing you can say about Theseus is that he definitely gets around. According to one tale (via Old Greek Stories), he was making his way through the Parnes Mountains when he was approached by a kindly stranger, who invited him into his home for dinner and a nap. 

He accepted, and when he sat down outside to wait for his room, he was approached by a young girl. The girl warned him: "Men call him Procrustes, or the Stretcher. [...] No one who comes into his house ever goes out again."

When Theseus asked why he was called the Stretcher, she replied that it was because he boasted that his iron bed would perfectly fit all who lie in it. And it would: if they're too short, he'd stretch them, and if they're too tall, he'd lop off their legs.

Procrustes returned, and Theseus followed him into his room. There, he saw the axes and the pulleys and the bloodstained floor, and confronted Procrustes. Procrustes admitted that it was all true, and Theseus? He threw the man into his own trap and left him there to die. On the plus side, he also freed those that Procrustes was holding as slaves, gave them his treasure, and sent them on their way, so he's not all bad.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/236598/stories-from-greek-mythology-they-couldnt-teach-you-in-school/



Erysichthon was a Thessalian king who definitely forgot this crucial Rule Number 1: Respect the gods. When he decided he needed a banquet hall, he headed out into a nearby forest. That forest just happened to be sacred to Demeter, but he absolutely didn't care. He didn't even start caring when he got to a poplar tree in the middle of the grove, one that was sacred not only to Demeter, but the Nymphs. The tree cried out in pain, and Demeter came to walk the earth.

She condemned Erysichthon for his thoughtless disrespect and told him to go ahead... build his banquet hall, because he was going to need it. 

So he built it, and he feasted... and he was still hungry. The more he ate and drank, the hungrier he became. He ate entire cows, he ate vermin, he ate the bits destined for the garbage, and still, he was hungry. He spent his entire fortune — even selling his daughter into slavery — until he was bankrupt and begging for scraps. And then? Then he started to eat himself, and ate more and more of his own flesh until he very literally ate himself to death (via Theoi).

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/236598/stories-from-greek-mythology-they-couldnt-teach-you-in-school/

maybe some of those tantalised begin to eat parts of themselves and drink their own blood?



aphrodite punished those who disrespected her with incest and selling themselves for sex until their  hearts and bodies turned to stone



need someone playing music on an instrument called the syrinx - it provides an experience of music that lets the listener indulge in the purest of sorrow and grief.



You could definitely argue that the whole thing was Minos' fault, so here's a bit of karma. Pasiphae — who was the immortal daughter of the sun, Helios — got sick of Minos and his affairs, and cursed him to spread not his seed, but snakes and scorpions that would invariably kill the women he seduced.

so maybe the date rape child is born and kills own father?



Dionysus unished Pentheus by convincing him to party in ways he couldnt handle and a hedonitic cult destroyed him as part of their partying.
"and finally mounted his head on a stick and continued their dark, mad dance."

?combine with?

Artemis was the virgin goddess of the hunt, and as such, she guarded her virginity very, very carefully. So, depending on the story, you might argue that Aktaion kind of had it coming when he decided to spy on the goddess as she bathed.

Theoi records some stories say that he only accidentally caught a glimpse of her as she was bathing, while others say he peeked on purpose... and in that case, he kind of deserved to be turned into a deer, and be ripped apart by his own hunting dogs. That's Olympian justice for you.

And here's the super sad part: some versions given Aktaion's hounds the main stage, even going as far as naming them all (and there's a lot of them). It's said that she didn't just turn him into a deer, but that she forced the dogs to kill him. When her influence over the pack disappeared, the dogs realized what they had done. Their howls of grief echoed across the land, until Kheiron — who had trained Aktaion to hunt — made a likeness of their master that made their grief manageable.



iguess the real dark is kinda tartaus...




Eros had two quivers — one with golden arrows, which made the recipient fall in love, and the other with lead arrows, which made the recipient roll his or her eyes in disgust and unfriend the person who was on the receiving end of the golden arrow.

fucked


------

To quote Confucius: "If names be not correct, language is not in accordance with the truth of things. If language be not in accordance with the truth of things, affairs cannot be carried on to success." That's deep ... and deeply problematic. Research suggests that dishonest children become successful adults and that highly successful adults lie. That's a whole lot of wrong there, Confucius.
Of course, if Confucius never existed, then the quote's been misattributed, meaning the words can't accord with the truth. Thus, in being wrong, the quote would be right, which sounds super wrong.
Read More: https://www.grunge.com/21799/famous-people-may-never-existed/

cool sorylesson for the wise guy to teach the acolyte

------


seers can see nuclear magnettic resonsnce? like viewing the whole universe theyre present in like some fancy xray vision?


------

The founder of Taoism, ancient Chinese philosopher Lao "Laozi" Dan is a revered figure indeed. Those who do so, however, may be looking up to a made-up master.

According to GB Times, there's a ton of confusion regarding Lao Dan, including his name. Some believe Lao Dan was his real name, while others think scholar Sima Qian — among the first to write of Dan — confused stories he heard about Laozi with that of another philosopher, Li Er.  According to this theory, he mistakenly combined the names to come up with Laozi, or Lao Dan. But Laozi was also a term of respect for Laoist teachers, complicating the matter even further.

Then there's his writings. Supposedly, Dan wrote the Tao Te Ching, but reading it's like reading the same book by several different authors. There are many shifts in tone, style, and content, and we currently have little proof the book's language was even used when the book was supposedly published. Likely, then, Laozi's writings were written long after Lao Dan supposedly lived and died, and probably several people cobbled "his" life-affirming teachings together into one semi-coherent package. It's like if all the stories in Chicken Soup For The Soul were credited to one guy named Bill.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/21799/famous-people-may-never-existed/

------

It ain't easy pulling off a successful vanishing act. Just ask someone like Steven Leung, who tried to make it look like he'd died during 9/11. Or the British "canoe death dad" John Darwin, who disappeared, cashed his life insurance policy, and then was spotted trying to spend his dough in Panama. And these bozos were just boring, ordinary guys. Imagine how much more impossible it'd be for someone like Justin Bieber to vanish without a trace. How very sadly impossible.

Yet sometimes, the impossible happens. Over the years, a handful of real, actual celebrities have vanished. People who shouldn't be able to walk down the street without getting noticed, but who somehow manage to slip away into the night, never to be seen again. If any of the disappeared celebs below happen to look just like your mysterious new neighbor, now might be the time to claim some reward money.

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/87149/celebs-still-missing-today/

cue manics suicid is painless cover - did richie edwards really suicide - no body was ever found and theres endless sightings as far away as goa


connie converse story is a cool story - the origina siner sognwritier gives up unrecognised and suicides but legendd suggests she justdid a vanish and knows her success


Legendary Chicano activist Oscar Zeta Acosta was a big man with even bigger appetites. He relentlessly consumed pills, booze, and hallucinogens in such titanic quantities that even his buddy Hunter S. Thompson couldn't keep up, and that's saying something. It was Thompson who immortalized Acosta as the 300-pound Samoan basket case Doctor Gonzo in "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas," a human juggernaut who smashes through American society with all the force of an out-of-control steamroller plowing into a cupcake stand.

If there was any poetry in the world, a man as mad as Acosta would've gone out like James Cagney in "White Heat," ranting at the sky from atop a gigantic propane tank as it exploded around him. Instead, fate chose to give Acosta a more mysterious fate. In May 1974, he visited his ancestral home of Mexico ... and simply vanished. As the L.A. Times reports, Hunter S. Thompson — who spent years on and off searching for his friend — later claimed Acosta was probably killed in a drug hit or a political assassination. But no body ever surfaced. The self-styled Brown Buffalo just disappeared into the night.

Some, at least, have held out hope that Acosta didn't die. The book of "Latino Writers and Journalists" references a theory that he may have had a nervous breakdown and decided to stay in Mexico. Honestly, though, can you imagine someone of Acosta's appetites staying quiet for over 45 whole years?

Read More: https://www.grunge.com/87149/celebs-still-missing-today/


we love the lord lucan story


tragic death of rich powerful fathers socialite daughter to botched backstreet abortion has interest.


base leader of wetfolk voodoo religion/cult on idiamin, with cannabilsm rumours?


have techfolk be a cargo cult?


someone's gotta die at age 27


------
grown from
Voronov's snowdrop
[caffeine something - exisits in the plants to enhance the reward memory for polinators - causes this combo supplement to induce a slight magnetism towards the gardens maybe?]
kucha esque tea camillia
tobacco enged to extra produce a nootropic peptide
khat - cathinone base for catavit [prolintane] type thing



https://psychonautwiki.org/wiki/Galantamine

Galantamine also provides potentiation of NMDA-receptor antagonists such as Memantine and Ketamine

dream potentiaion
memory enhancement

but causes sleepy/fatigue nstuff so needs to be countered and combined with the goodrug to make a cool

nootropic effect exa,ples from thigs like ractems and noopept:
Thought acceleration
Thought connectivity
Focus enhancement
Motivation enhancement
Memory enhancement
Stimulation
Anxiety suppression
Wakefulness
Increased music appreciation
Emotion enhancement
mindfulness
Bodily control enhancement
Stamina enhancement
Tactile enhancement
Thought organization
Analysis enhancement
Creativity enhancement
colour enhancment
pain relief
adapt more readily to stress and depression
muscle relaxant
Emotion suppression
brightness enhancement
disinhibition

micronized adamntafiend

increase in attention
anti-addictive inc food
enhance learning
enhance growth hormone production
enhance power output

a precursor to trimethylamine, which those with trimethylaminuria are not able to easily break down, oftening resulting in smelling similar to fish.

enhance dopamine output from activated neurons without significantly affecting basal levels of dopamine. resultingimprovements in spatial short-term memory, recognition, recall, attention, and executive functions

Acuity enhancement

cardioprotective
increased lean mass

During periods of stress or strenuous exercise, phosphocreatine releases energy to aid cellular function. This is what causes strength increases after creatine supplementation, but this action can also aid the brain, bones, muscles, and liver. Most of the benefits of creatine are provided through this mechanism

Appetite enhancement

Rejuvenation
accelerate or preserve reactions in the body as a form of metabolic 'maintenance'.

engineered altered endongenous olecule combo that breaks downto a few separate molecules producing above effects

boosts neurotransmitter synthesis
antioxidative effects
anti-inflammatory effects
neuroprotective
Bodily control enhancement - inc joint mobilty
enhance convergent (double-task) thinking
short term enhancement to  working memory tasks especially under stress
reverse some of the detrimental effects of sleep deprivation on cognitive performance
Increased libido
increased depth perception
improve endurance and work capacity during stressful and intense conditions
makes the body more stable under physical duress without increasing oxygen consumption
cortisol reduction
increased fat breakdown via lypolysis 
bronchodilator - bronchal smooth muscle relaation resulting in enhanced breathing
confidence
reduced compulsive redosing
releases B-endorhpin
times distortins - apparent slowing 


ear ringing
teeth grinding


excess results in
Cognitive: Headache, agitation, hypomania, confusion, short term memory loss, brain fog,  anxiety, paranoia, psychosis, hallucinations, coma
Autonomous: Shivering, sweating, hyperthermia, hypertension, tachycardia, nausea, diarrhea
Somatic: Twitching, tremors, nosebleed


folowing has hardcore crash with irritability, sleep paralysis, craving fats, restless leg syndrome,

withdrawal headaches that are unaffected by opis, nsaids or other

long-term changes to gene expression involved in dopamine metabolism

administered via inhaler

------

african dream root

------

silver needs value over gold

tantalum/niobium crucial
Baoji Yusheng Metal Technology Co., Ltd.



------

bite of lonestar tick leaves you unable to eat meat of mammals!

------

alt reality sequence: someone in south korea watching sysiphus the myth, bitching about the flawed single reality timeline, obvious plot so far, occassionally poor/patchy cinemtography, effects, acting and appalling sk ballad music. but they like the bodyguard guy, the main girl and the super cute broker tech girl, although the rotten but very korean high school teen attitude to interpersonal relationships gets annoying.

another alt reality glimpse: cos i just realised my walls are magnolia and i'm in an oubliette over two months in this room, best part of 4yrs total, but discovering the way out. where do we take this? is another plotline to weave in? weave in all alt reality flashbacks so far and on?
this could use everything i contacted journalist abut, plus this story i horrifying feedbackloop, plus the so energy conspiracy. plus keys to next door gives survival escape and access to powerful, chipped, fast, all wheeldrive all terrain, capable military green tank of a landrover... built in excite - fucker somtimes dont recognise its own key :D lol

------



------

-------

tantalum/niobium/ytrium: germany - niobium/ytrium/flourine pegmatites; italy, former soviets eastern and scandiwegia -  tantalum/caesium/lithium pegmatites
kaliningrad extraction/processing; mining in france/russia near finland, deposits in turkey
at processing much radioactives removed

silver in uk, finland, morocco

ytrium Endohedral metallofullerenes:Yt@C60
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endohedral_fullerene
appications in nanomedicine - gd@c82(oh)22 is developed as mri contrast agent, turns out to inhibit yap1 oncogene from activating tumour metastasis inhibition via signal transduction pathway blocking
maybe monopole creation?
Yttrium has no known biological role, though it is found in most, if not all, organisms and tends to concentrate in the liver, kidney, spleen, lungs, and bones of humans.
the seeds of woody plants have the highest known concentrations.
synthetic garnet longg range microwave filters/acoustic energy trasmitter and transducer/near infrarred lasers for cutting and drilling metal/strengthening metal alloys/shock resistance and low thermal expansion hi tech glass/cancer treatments as 
Yttrium Y 90-DOTA-tyr3-octreotide and Yttrium Y 90 ibritumomab tiuxetan bound to monoclonal antibodies, also rasdioactive microspheres too/neeles of yttrium 90 sharper than scalpels for nerve surgery/medical lasers/above liquid nitrogen superconductors/superconductors based on perovskites from chondrite meteorites?/lyp lithium iron phosphate batteries[longer life lithium batteries, improved safety, cycle time]/blue pigmant with indium and manganese - first new in 200 yrs 2009.

--------


2023 ibm debuts 1000 qubit quantum computer
2024 bioelectronics/starlink network co mplete/3d printing clothes
2025 many smol modular nuclar reactors/mouse revival from cryo/bioterror/martian moon samples return to earth/iter fusion rector switched on/1 billion human g3enomes sequenced/human brain simulations/3d printed organs/solarmiximum - solar flare hits?
2026 psyche orbits large asteroid 1% of asteroid belt 16 psyche/synthetic human genome/hl-lhc and ilc complete/robotic hands/50tb m2/
2027 close mile asteroid
2028 athena x-ray observatory/'Oumuamua-like interstellar object, or possible fragment from the Oort cloud comet interception launched/extinct speciess resurrection
2029 human like ai/60,000 satellites in orbit
2030 ai designed anti biotics/metaverse reaches $5trillion value
2031 swiss cargo sous terrain/bangkok abandoned to flooding/web 4.0/stem cell pharmacies/chocolate rare luxury
2033 hongkong artificial island/Quantum computers are cracking RSA-2048 keys/mars samples return to earth

2030s ectogenesis/lisa grav wave detector/et - telescope for grav waves/1st trillionaire
2040s vuirtual telepathy/nanotubes/16k vr/singularity/bionic eyews
2050s designer babies/'Oumuamua reached/handheld mri/mars presence?
2060s longevity treatments/underground habitats
2070s picotech/virus simulations
2080s more nonbio tan bio people/hyper intelligent computers
2090s photosynthetic humans





------

flaoting plants to putify wastewater and frshwater in too.

neonicotnoid insecticide poisoning of bee mitochondrai combatted by ahiflower oil rich in omega-3

crispr users adding to fucked rna and dna everywhere including phages that fuck with everythings dna - mutant  peeple to viruses all sorts.

gen eng nitrogen/phosphate fixing bacteria solve need for chemical fertilisers - as rhizobia on roots exchanging the fertilisers for nutrients.

special leaf cutter ant colonies that farm fungi gen enged too express?
symbiotic use of caterpillar excrement cos caterpillars remove toxins. fucking genius.

genome edited iPS stem cells could serve as drug delivery system - see bookmark

reverting cells to stems cells when damaged canb give abilty to not just heal better and avopid as bad aging but also regrow things - limbs, organs etc.
https://phys.org/news/2023-06-scientists-clues-aging-squishy-sea.html

pinacidil alters potassium ion channels to release more free radicals helpign fight viruses

In Miura outside Tokyo, vacuum trucks carrying human waste arrive one after another at a treatment facility.
Water is removed and then bacteria ferment the remaining solids in huge tanks.
Methane produced during the process is burned to supply the facility's hot water and electricity, and the final product is a soil-like powder that can be spread on fields.
"We produce 500 tons of fertilizer annually," said Kenichi Ryose, facility manager at Miura Biomass Centre.
"This fertilizer is particularly good for leaf vegetables, like cabbage," he added.
"Even though we produce safe food, I imagine that for those who don't know much about it, the impressions people have of fertilizer made from human feces might not be good."

Since duckweed—a tiny plant sometimes called pond scum—is grown all over the world, the idea that it could be a readily available source of rubisco protein holds environmental promise.
rubisco from duckweed is not believed to contain allergens

on cone snail venom
"A lot of our success with venom molecules has been in developing pain medications, but depending on the pharmacology we'll see if it has therapeutic potential for any of the disease classes."


maad—a delicate tropical fruit which has a yellow fruit with a pulp that has a distinctive sweet and sour savor and is rich in vitamins and fiber, maad comes from a vine called the Saba senegalensis, which grows wild and is common across the region.
The fruit's season is relatively short, running from May to August, which prompts a rush of sellers at street corners, hawking the delicacy with salt, sugar or chili, blenderised into juice or turned into jam.
In Senegal most maad grows in the southern Casamance region on vines that wrap themselves round trees in thickly-forested areas.
Picking the fruit is done by hand and involves using long sticks
"Maad is a very risky investment. It can't stand sunlight or rain, and transporting it is difficult,"

A recent review, published in the Journal of Applied Microbiology, examines laboratory-based studies that highlight the antiviral properties of cannabis in countering the effects of viral infections such as the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) responsible for COVID-19, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis C virus (HCV), and herpes simplex virus (HSV).
oth cannabinoids and terpenes in cannabis show great potential as antivirals in laboratory research.

------

In 2011, the Royal Canadian Mint started production of a $5 sterling silver and niobium coin named Hunter's Moon[108] in which the niobium was selectively oxidized, thus creating unique finishes where no two coins are exactly alike.

i want on of the charachters to own the 4 coin set or see it advertised on  tv in a reality blip flashback thing

------

character called black mat - a kinda voodoo father christmas figure in a werd part of day of the dead celebration.

------

https://duckduckgo.com/?q=taurid+phenotype&t=chromentp&ia=web

------

- the black night satellite - seeding earth from where when life evolves from gen eng proto-orgs pre program
- o'mouamoua - extra sola cometary/? captured - good saf planet becomes bombardd every 12000, enke/taurids originator darl albedo - is natural? due 203x next
- gods theories - gods/fairies/elves/dwarvves/giants/atlanteans - sufficien tech sems magical - refer to not huma bt as god being norm term, gen eng future people r new god speciesagain...


------

sophie - DIVE (SDF)


------

KUNZITE - PLN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aGKe9MvR-A&list=RDMM&start_radio=1

Lemon Jelly - Ramblin' Man (Lost Horizons)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXDtQcuA5Bo&list=RDMM&index=2

KUNZITE - BLADES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LeRQE2P95o&list=RDMM&index=4

KUNZITE - CIELO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxnVuF2nwW8&list=RDMM&index=4

KUNZITE - WAIMALIEN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hU7Wf3KjhEM&list=RDMM&index=5

Mint Royale - Blue Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKQmZBB-Sns&list=RDEMcB-HiAs6gR-vDI1Wv59-TA&index=2

------

we sink into the dark...

...dark - reddens - coalesces tp martian landscape pulling away into distance fast- were on a train facing backward, seeing the endless redcratered dust speeding by into the distance...

immense temles, castles, ziggurats, akinto summerian or babylonian mudbrik megastructures, big as th pyramids, then crumbling to dust, sinking beneath the sands, all reddish dusty, martian coloured clay dust, rising and falling, like we are seeing millenia, aons passing as if seconds, the sea pf dustslowly settlesand flows and shifts, blowing in thewinds...

slowly it greens into aqua, sinking underwater into a flooded world and then as slowly as it flooded we sink to the bottom ond into the mud nd down through to a space...

we slowly sink down, a cieling rising above, a huge, vast absolute collosal space, red, as if dark but we can see colour, everythingis the colour of blood, sinister, and gargsntuan, theres mouldings and inscriptions, stretching into the distance endlessly and though appreciable in width it could be amile orsome immesnse distance tho visibly bound, on a scale that shouldnt enclose a space like a manmade building - it is endlesss and huge and big. and red.

and we sink to the bottom and theres bones. and corpses. the bottom of this space is just endless death. remains.

and falling above us but at a similar speed and aslo heading towarrd this bottom o
is another figure - greyish, similar size to us and sort of humanid but sort of skeletal, possibly winged, like a fallen angel.

as we reach the bottom although there's no appreciable impact we are now caught by the mass of bones and corpses and it's rising, lifting us up as if we are floating atop a massive sea of death slowly filling the immense space, seemingly impossible yet there's a constant rising tide and we are lifted upwards, ever upwards....

then we progress toward the side, a wall, the closer we get more detail becomes apparent, its not smooth, upon close enough approach, the apparent smooth wall is completly covered in writing, inscriptions an unintelligible language, sort of sanskrit but somhow different and very definitely evil
the red, terracotta type, sorta peeling eggshell on plaster but deep terracotta red bloodlit walls of text are slowly complexifying into structures, lattices and struts and beams and comlex carved with sinister arcane scripture.
eventually we travel into the gaps in th structire and move through spaces into an opening until we reach a slight change into an opening where the walls are just roogh red earth and clay and gravelly stuff, like an archealogical dig pit.

the redness becomes brownish re dearth and we start to move sideways along the wall of the pit, it turns darker, graaner, under ground instead of open pit and slowly it progresses into an underrground water way in a cavern, the flowing wateer bleow reflecting greenish light onto the brown dirt/clay/ubble that makes he walls and ceiling we see...

the watr reflections ripple and flickr and swirl and slowly the greenish water takes over the whole image not just in reflection but as a whole flowing, ripling, swirling wash of water that envelops the scene...

a face coalesces - female, could be descrivbed as beuatiful but not sexually just flawless and completely perfectly beautiful and serene - shiva, destroyer wof worlds.

wee flow through world aftdr world, universe after universe, each emerging, blowing away into dust in a shockwave wind, like a nuclear blast, and as each is blown away to dust by the winds shiva in a slightly different character and face emerges and smiles serenely before the endless evoltion and flow of time creates and destros an infinty of worlds, one after another after another, all born, emerging, existing, crumbling to dust and then being gone as myet more are born...
an infity of worlds, universes, multiverse of infinite creations and destructions all laid out before us..

time is infinte but all is seen, alll worlds, all universes, all existence - it begins, exists, happens, and comes to end end.

all in th he presecnce of shiva, creator and destroyer of worlds.

supreme.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shiva

------

The Black Keys - Lonely Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_426RiwST8&list=RDEMcB-HiAs6gR-vDI1Wv59-TA&index=13

Jungle - Casio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nJRGARveVc&list=RDEMcB-HiAs6gR-vDI1Wv59-TA&index=19

------

“Death is not the worst thing; rather, when one who craves death cannot attain even that wish.”
― Sophocles, Electra

“Nothing vast enters the life of mortals without a curse.”
― Sophocles

“One word
Frees us of all the weight and pain of life:
That word is love.”
― Sophocles, Oedipus at Colonus

“We have only a little time to please the living. But all eternity to love the dead.”
― Sophocles, Antigone

------

skeletrain:

- a specialtrain run on day of the dead
- semi-geigeresque but instead of 'slimy' alien black tubes n gristle n inscety parts its skellingtons and skulls n flowers n happy joy stuff all forming the rods n wheels n bulkheds n tubes n mechanics of a steam engine
- it tows carriages of partying day of the dead revellers on a journey from the city out to the cemetery to have a picnic amngst the graves of ther departed loved ones each year.
- everyone is happy and joyful, it is a time to celebrate the passing of those who are loved into a place of peace, happiness, safety and warmth.
- the skeletrain is weirdly wonderful thing in a world of death and pain...

------

pogo - forget
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOreqez4v9Y&list=RDEMRoZcnjFFkQmwctdtIOsA9A&index=1

Melanie Martinez - Mrs Potato Head (Omar Varela Remix) (Plastic Meme Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFiIRc7jsF4&list=RDEMRoZcnjFFkQmwctdtIOsA9A&index=27

Pusher - Clear ft. Mothica (Shawn Wasabi Remix)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b0Peus4HfU&list=RDEMRoZcnjFFkQmwctdtIOsA9A&index=17

Blue Foundation - Eyes On Fire (Zeds Dead Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUGzY-ihqWc&list=RDEMRoZcnjFFkQmwctdtIOsA9A&index=18

------

riddik masterpiece is the repeat exposure to venom thing/supersition/survive no gun, no fancy shit
i like as sniperteam - spotter/shooter


for some reason bones, especially skulls arry more weight than they should when deserty -consider see, riddik,

riddikworks cos he behaves like tracker - uses his special sight/sound/smell/etc. beyond normal human to win over tech.
i gonna have seers use vision of all to be right place right time like magic
seers vs. gen mod drug boost soldier vs tech. 3 way.
but instead o dark from eclips/rain from every howver often, the sers know things are inevitable so the assumption they will automatically win is wrong...

------

add/change glowmold in first chapt from colour to forming seird evil snsrit like lettering

topside doesnt turn out to be ice still - second meteor storm forms desert

return to surface of derinkuyu guys alertstech people - battle between bio soldiers, tech soldiers and seers reults in seers captured after spectacular battling and travelling

eventually seers are brough t gate and are oly ones from earth to survive travel through un darkened.

arrive on mars as destination of allothers but must kill the darks? or just navigate elsewhere?

------

chronicles of riddick, see, event horizon, hellraiser and some of the lov,e death and robots are v good influences.

i like mechas too - see gundam, 40k titans and more - multiple people to controone - a team, needing to work together- would require somthing like a seer commanding bio soldiers.good way to pass through gat and win mars?

"it seems that by 2142, humans learned from the events that transpired between 2040 and 2047, and have chosen to stop "tinkering with gravity drives." It's also possible that after the nuclear war broke out, they lost the ability to use FTL travel altogether."
https://screenrant.com/riddick-shared-universe-warhammer-dredd-event-horizon-theory/
implying that this story take splace after 2040-47 has happened but unknowingly that happened in space whilst back on earth things have gone to shit as mentioned nuclear war etc. before 2142 - so placing this as maybe 2100ish?
also could be last straw that led to dont mess with gravity drives and lost ftl.

[song: Anomie Belle - Bedtime stories]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIGNcQmS3VY&list=RDEMqtU3Y1uLWsi1niaibuPE_w&index=2

[song: Flight Facilities - Crave you feat. Giselle]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0bS-YnLf4s&list=RDEMqtU3Y1uLWsi1niaibuPE_w&index=15


Zero 7 - In The Waiting Line
-------

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tZlu4wP4pw&list=RDEMqtU3Y1uLWsi1niaibuPE_w&index=24

------

gotta be solar flare in combo with comet this time to make dif in calamity

------

U N K L E ft Moby - God Moving Over The Face Of The Waters

Massive Attack, Young Fathers - Voodoo In My Blood

Moderat - Bad Kingdom

UNKLE - The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face (feat. Keaton Henson)



------

an immense rift in an ocean, each side a waterfall, a train speeds alonga track between the canyon walls..H


------

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markov_chain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEJ3DyFCWFw

======

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKMI_bQLYO8&list=RDGMEM6ijAnFTG9nX1G-kbWBUCJA&index=4


The Black Keys - Lonely Boy

Still Corners - The Trip

Santigold - Disparate Youth


Santigold

The xx - Angels

I DONT KNOW HOW BUT THEY FOUND ME - Do It All The Time

Burial - Forgive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OVvJOeUdUs

------

bounty hunters, hunter mechs, drones, grav tanks, sniper drones, hunter killer, artillery, fire support, heavy, cargo, deploy, drop ship, re-rentry, orbital, stalker, gunship, tank killer, aerial support, bunker, fort, flame thrower, all terrain, carrier, troop, transport, military.industry, tracker, spy, tracer, seeker, targeter, spotter, close support, defense, attack, assualt, eva, evacuate, extract, insert, landing, turret, deploy, perimiter, cover, control, scan/scanner/radar/long distance/intel/early warning/comms, interdict, interfere, police, probe, engineer, carrier, launch, rescue, 

------

551
417
360
142